# affirmative-body-lotion

affirmative body lotion is a brand that ensures skin will be more firm and/yet desirable. it promises that one can have god-like skin with the use of the lotion.

"affirmztive action" body lotion takes a different route: it's got a strong motto of "it makes stuff work" in one part, in another, it's "always right", "really, try it out, and you'll see that everything is working like a miracle charm." (etc). anway, the lotion's mazin focus is the image associated with these producets. as much as I want to use real juicy men and women, I want to use strong sexually suggestive images, while a perfectly ratinal discussion is happening about how this miracle lotion solved *all* the problems -- in an ever so blatant 80's brainwashing sort of joke. it's a joke on assertive men at the same time as being ready for their arrival. the commercials should constantly convey the arrival of strong and calm and -- well you get the point :)

"anything butt-smoothe" is another alternate branding, which I imagine that its concept is that this lotion can make anything "as smooth as a baby's butt". emphasis should be placed on moisturizing and bouncyness/jigglyness (like a baby's butt). no subtlety there.

### 2023-12-14 23:53 - some thoughts on the technical aspect

I've been trying to figure out the implementation for this product idea, and I believe I've come across either the solution, or the general direction that we should head to make this a reality...
	when I was younger, I would go to the pool and then after some time in the water, I would notice that my fingers look very prune-like (wrinkled). that always caught my attention because I couldn't figure out how *moisture* would make my skin look *wrinkled* (upon hindsight, I notice that seems rather counter-intuitive, considering most "moisturizing body lotions" typically claim to help make the skin more firm). so, I got to thinking about the mechanism, and I think I've figured out what makes the skin tighter:
	most of the water in the body is not stored in the traditional H2O form like the water of the pool; instead, it forms into a more viscious "4th state of water" -- so called "EZ water". anyway, it's H3O2 (according to gerald), which means that it "loses" a hydrogen (kinda similar to ice).
		so here's the thing about ice. I just looked it up on wikipedia and they say that ice has a few different structures it can get into, but my experience with it (while star-watching and such) is that when it freezes, it seemingly "stores" more oxygen (which is why I think it's similar to H3O2), cause when it melts, I notice (and can viscerally feel/smell more oxygen being released into the air as H3O2(?) transforms back into H2O+H2O), and one of the theories that I have on how weather modification is done (causing it snow and the like) is to strip the air of hydrogen (not to be confused with "chemtrails", which strip the air of oxygen, converting O2 into CO2). that transition seems to have a massive cooling effect, and my body feels it like a chilling that's coming from the bones outward instead of the normal cold penetrating inward. there's a lot to experiment with here to fully understand how water really works, because CO2 also seems to play a part in the cycle, and somehow CO2 can be turned into rain (I have theories, that aren't very well worked out). anyway, not all ice is created equal, because ice cores from ~12kya (end of the last ice age) have a deep blue hue to them, and they feel to be well packed, because I think the entire hydrogen/oxygen system was regulated using megalithic structures, so water all vibrated much more uniformly, and not quite as chaotically as it does now (creating the little holes in the ice structure, lightening the hue).
	so when I look at what happens when I go to the pool, is, it looks like the water from the pool (H2O) is mixing with the viscious/tight/firm water that's normally under my skin and diluting it, causing the amount of hydrogen to increase (thereby making the water in my skin more liquid and less firm).
	also, of note is that hydrogen is not all the same: each hydrogen vibrates slightly differently, and I believe hydrogen is the physical molecule that resonates with a lot of our ideas and concepts; so, hydrogen coming from water that has been separated, will not be the same (at all!) as all the hydrogen that fills The brain. this is an important point of inquiry, because I believe that the concepts that imbue our skin carry concepts and the skin adjusts accordingly (roughly speaking, faster frequency = tighter skin, and there's also a shape to the frequency as well, which is useful later for making the skin feel more "smoothe").
	so, what happens to all of that extra hydrogen as it transitions from H2O that we drink into H3O2 (polarised) water? well, this is one of the inquiries that I'd like to make, but my present theory on it is that extra hydrogen flows mostly to the brain, but also floats above the skin (sorta like the corona of the sun floats above the surface). I believe that floating layer of hydrogen is kinda like a blanket, which insulates us from the outside and keeps in -- and the reason why a fan blowing across the skin cools so much (it'd by like blowing the corona off of the sun, causing the below surface to cool a fair amount). people with strong conceptual capabilites, are said to have this "aura" about them -- a sort of "animal magnetism". whatever it is, I can definitely feel disturbances in the vibrating layer above my skin, even when a person is nearby and not physically touching me (also it's strange that bird feathers have a strong influence on this layer as well).
so, what I think the crude implementation idea for this product will be, will be to create a body lotion with a whole bunch of nano (or smaller) silver (or some other reflective material), where we arrange the atoms in such a way that it creates something like a -- well, let's say that somehow we're able to move molecules or atoms around with radio frequencies, and so we created a series of bumps in the material so that each nano reflector has a unique id/frequency to it, so that we can address each particle individually. now, as people rub the body lotion on to the skin, some of the particles will stay around some time (and it's possible, I believe to make it so that the particles slightly embed into the skin so that the lotion works for as long as the skin takes to shed -- so a few days/weeks, depending on the area). what that'll do is create a 3d array of these individually addressable nano particles on the skin, and so then what we can do is begin to regulate the hydrogen's attraction and frequency to be what is wanted.
	I don't want to sound tooo lofty here, but yes, motion capture for films and games is another obvious use-case for this lotion technology, in addition to (very likely) the ability to create a coloured shroud or veil that envelops the body, which I'd like to make programmable (potentially in the future even by the lotion user theirself). the cosmetic aspects and effects that are possible with this lotion technology are quite vast.
now, where do we get a transmitter of such frequencies? I've been thinking about it for quite a while, and even if each particle only has 1024b of addressable space, that's still quite a lot, as I'm sure the technology will mature, well before we run out of address space (~1.797693135×10³⁰⁸ individual particles are addressable). anyway, a secondary project I have in mind (party-LAN) will aim to provide just such a transmitter, and best of all, it'll all be powered by human energy. additionally, I'd like to make it possible to be able to mentally transform this energy and interact with others in the vicinity (and networking through others' auras in my vicinity, I want to be able to send concepts, to essentially anyone that I know their addresses of). such distributed systems are already well known, and a lot of research goes into them, so I'll leave all of the privacy and visibility stuff to those that want to worry about it. for me, I just think it'll be fun to have a system where I can actively modify and present the aura that I want to present. (yes, I know there are tons of implications to this idea, and none of them I want to worry about -- even it's a sabotage of my own desire to focus on how I feel emotionally, rather than my appearance, or how I present myself). it's fine though, cause I like cosmetics, and what could possibly go wrong, right? (said samyaza)
