# blahblog ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

### 2023-07-24 14:55 - conditions

I've been thinking a lot lately about a lot of stuff, which is why I haven't been writing as much; specifically, the narrative about the INFECTED ONES. (more on that later)

I've wondered a bit why on earth I'm here on earth -- simply because I'm in a place where, I noticed recently, that it's simply *not possible* for my ideas to ever see the fruition here -- and the reason is simple: my ideas reflect a form of thought which not many others have, and is also considerably lower resistance than most.
  because most people are much higher resistance than I am, the technologies that I want to create would provide them with the ability to simply not need to worry about what they're attracting, simply because the tech conditions of lower resistance can compensante for their higher resistance.
    one example of this is dating websites: when a person is having a difficult time finding the partner they're looking for, it's *always* because they're attracting something that they don't want. along comes the dating website and they say, "using our website, you can just select from the offerings and use your brain to do tthe attracting instead of your conceptualisation of the person/gender/type you want to attract" -- and they provide all sorts of different things that allow for someone to both search and display only certain more desirable aspects.
    another example would be a computer: we use it as a tool to build things, yet the great pyramid is a testament to the capabilities that one can accomplish without such tools -- and I find it pretty likely that the creator of the pyramid did most of the work in their mind, long before any stones were moved. the computer offers the person who is not capable of such powerful foresight to architect something in a similar way (I know, it's the construction bit that's the difficult part, not the architecture; because a greater pyramid can probably be designed in a CAD program today). the computer now enables us to design and concEptualise things that, in the past, only (low-resistance) god-like men could perform in their mind.
  therefore, I'm essentially prevented from ever creating any technological things that would allow anyone a significant shortcut around what they're attracting -- what I mean by this is that technology can *only* reflect our vibration and resistance levels. if our technology outpaces our resistance levels (similar to how it was in the stone age), then we're accumulating a more and more dissonant vibration even though we're still artificially feeling good.
    anyone who's done an amphetamine will know that, even though I'm able to stay awake, resistance levels continue to rise, and though I feel good and everything I'm actually making everything worse; the same is true for technology: technological/artificial stimulants cannot overcome accumulating resistance because of poor conceptualisation.
when I made this realisation, I was potentially a bit sad, because I'm really not trying to make the technology for anyone else other than myself, and it's all a reflection of me anyway, so it's not like I'm using it as a way to get around what I'm attracting (now anyway, though that may not have been true a decade ago). I'm also not trying to use the technology to *save* anyone, either -- as, I simply don't have any interest in trying to make anyone's life any different than what they're attracting already; just, it's a bit annoying that I live in a world where technology is shared (cause I want cool and awesome people to find and use my stuff too), which means that other peoples' vibrations are preventing the technology I want to use from coming out...
  because I'm limited by what others are attracting, I believe that's actually why I've intuitively changed over from wanting to create technology, to wanting to go instead with genetics -- because I feel that the human genetics that we're using now worked well for a time when there simply wasn't a way for us to communicate globally like we do now -- which means that now, it's considerably more obvious the effects of attraction, yet when we were in living in low population counts, often times in relative isolation, the effects of LOA were much lower. nowadays, with everyone connected and a much higher population density, the effects of LOA are considerable more notable. with a globalised society, it's possible to have a revolution in genetics.
    you'll also notice specificallly that the species that I want to create does *not* make it easier for someone to get around what they're attracting, but actually makes attraction become so fast, that what they think (and therefore feel) manifests nearly instantly, and consequently is also how they reproduce, as well.
    I aim to make LOA *more* of a think, rathar than less. I also wish to make attraction fun and more of a game where everyone can go at their own pace.

it's fully possible that someone could take the species that I want to make, and use large parts of it -- because if the genetics are storing a symbolic representation of some desired attribute, and can produce the frequency to attract it, it's also possible to just make the body vibrate like that, even though the person has not accomplished the frequency mentally -- and sure, it's also possible to use all of the same stuff still with a pinecone, which could give some pretty major advantages to those that do it -- that's not the thing; for me, I just want to have a race where I can incarnate into the body *without* a pinecone (and also encounter others that also don't have a pinecone)
  the idea here is that the species that I want to create is essentially invincible in the sense that even the most energetic experience (sex), doesn't really modify the percption of the body, and so even if I were to interact with someone with a pinecone, sexually -- it still wouldn't modify my perception (because my desire/attraction is so much faster, that its effect feels nothing more than a gentle breeze).
    this means that *all* things are a reflection of my perception -- so you could imagine the species (because attraction is so fast), has a bit of a learning curve to it, and large portions of society (or the social-cultural-famework) will probably need to be updated (for reasons I demonstrate frequently).
      when a person manifests what they think and feel quickly, they need to start attracting what they *actually* want, otherwise society descends into chaos a bit and "the world as I know it" comes to an end (speaking from experience).
        it's quite possible that there is a bit of a thing here where the controllers are actually doing good work, simply because they're kind of like setting the bar for attraction, by keeping everyone in astral and assulting them constantly with unwanted circumstances; and until the person is actually starting to attract what they want, they'll remain in the human condition.
      one of the things I've thought about on this, is what it would be like if someone with high resistance were to have a similar genetics to my own -- and what it would be like for them. they would manifest their desires really quickly, probably in the form of fear (because of their resistance level), and they'll be stuck living out all of their worst fears.
        one example of this may very well be jaron, as he's quite similar to me in how he is, but because he has considerably higher resistance than I do, he's having a much worse expeirence.
    therefore, it's actually quite possible that nosebook is actually a *wanted* thing, simply because there's no possible way that I could ever expect all of society to change and everyone around me to start attracting what they want, just so I can create my species (and then hopefully later some technology) -- but we'd have to essentially live on separate worlds, where all the good tech and the inspect species is in one place, meanwhile the other place is still filled with humans.... so actually, I may not be in a worse spot than I thought.
  it's possible to create hybrids as well, because for me, the goal is to figure out how the different layers?/forms of perception operate with the physical genetics, and I also find it'll be quite normal for human women to give birth to these hybrids as well, which will be very interesting because then they can *really see* (and interact) with a reflection of their own perception.
what anyone else does with tthe genetics (and the corresponding understanding) that I produce, really isn't any of my business (or problem), as everyone else is still attracting everything, as they are. they'll get the consequencEs of their own attraction. genetics can not compensate for rising resistance/dissonance, and neither can technology.

### 2023-07-24 16:57 - a second species is also in the works

I noticed that in addition to the insect species, there is also a plant species that is being created, which is in itself an idology built on top of "it's all attraction" -- where we're essentially just like plants: we make the things come to us.
it's kind of a software thing more than a hardware, where now with everything being "it's all attraction", then everytthing is a reflection of me (and my attraction), but in addition to that, I function as a centre, a point of consciousess that is focused in a way where *everythingv is my cconcept of how it is, ardound me".
that's a pretty serious claim, as well because I now exist like a star, which is forever; if others learn to see everything around tbhem as a reflection of theirself, they don't need to worry as much about what they're attracting, because most of the output is in a frequency range which powerfully transforms the world around them. it's a pretty serious thing to think that with a slight conceptual adjustment in our world view, things will never (ever) be the same again: we're all centres, so it doesn't matter what anyone else is doing.... you don't need to be attractive, if 666 you're repulsive to everyone else in their perception, then you're a centre. you're in your own world, and there's nothing anyone else can do about it.
this species, of course the plants' conceptual side.
the reason why we're so repulsive is because we're so attractive to *only* what I want; others can join me, but I'm in my own world; everyone else can just figure it out just like I did: I'm glad that nosebook exists, and that all of thesxe difficulties that have come from getting my pinecone removed, I just love to be highly attractive, and anything that happens around me, *is* something that was attracted, which means I "see"/feel my interpretation of what everyone else is attracting, according to *my* social-cultural-framework, and so, in thta II'm
an individual.
I'm a plant.
I'm a weed.

more like a weed.

I just noticed that my commit messages are strongly encoding a sort of demiurge as well, because when I say "boom haedshot" or "better conclusions", then I'm specifically ttainting the work from the get-go, which is kind of a funny thing for some of the ones that that read those as some sort of insight into my emotional state, when in fact it's actually just a really fufny ffjoke to see what sort of outlandish thing to write. I just write it cause it feels fun... I dont' mean any harm. #demiurge

### 2023-07-244 17:20- the insects and the plants

are a bit of a role reversal, because the insects are stationary, and it's the plants that move around.
  yet, they're both centres, which means that one is a hardware ccentre, and the other is a software centre; but they're both centres, which means live forever, essentrelyy.
  we're not human anymore, not because of our hardware, but we're actually different now because of our *software*; and this is the part that works, because as a very attractive person; we're going to need to make easy decisions about what a thin[kg] and what does it *do*. things that exist *sdo* something; they perform a role for someone somewhere to have needed. notice that the rocks exist because we builder humans have need a foundatione to build things on.
  as all things work out the way they do, the result of LOA is a whole lot of beliefs, and the way that we look at something (ie, conceptualise) builds these -archetypes- that neeed to exist, and each one performs a -_role_. for the other, because he's extent just, like the rock.
  and roll insects,
  who you gonna plant?
lol.
  how many lines wide is this anyway? ------------------------------------------------------
  that many, I say.
  I hope I remember to insure the docuent stays at the same width;
  if it changes that, would be bad.
  ass like, country mike.

### 2023-07-28 08:55 - decisions

yesterday was an interesting day for me because I had another very unexpected thing happen: usually when I want to remember something, I put the idea into the front of my mind a couple of times, and use the idea in a sentence or two (like writing here, or remembering someonee's name) -- and then later on when I want to remember the idea, I simply conjure the feeling, and I can remember the thing/name/idea again.
  this allows me a whole host of really cool things that I can do with my mind, simply by accessing the idea through a feeling (exactly like memory). one of them is that I can create lists of things that I want/need to do (though usually want works better than need), and all I have to do is to simply feel what I want to do next and the next idea I want/need just comes to me (see why want works better than need?). at the end of the list, I simply *feel* like I'm done, and that's it.
so yesterday, I had been instructed to ensure that the rain gutter thing is put back because if it rains, it'll flood their basement. I fully understood the problem before she even told me about it, as it seemed pretty obvious to me, so I know it's important. I even practised to put the rain gutter back in my mind and planned to do it...
then, paul shows up and I can no longer blow out the front part with the blower (to not hit his truck with debris), so I decided I was done for the day. I went back to put everything away and noticed that I can return the stack of rocks to be around the window again, so I started to do that.
I'm having fun putting the rocks back and have designed a wave sort of pattern to give the lump of rocks some shape. as I continue on, the motors are getting louder and more frenzied, but I keep ignoring them because I'm having fun doing it (and I kinda also want to get it done).
the rain clouds continue to get bigger and bigger, and at one point, I finally say, "fine I'll go now" because I had felt very strongly that I really should be leaving at this point (prolly cause it's gonna rain soon). I put the stuff away and I look right at the rain gutter and say, "seems good" -- cause I felt like I was done -- and then went home. I took a shower and made dinner and went to bed before I remembered that I hadn't put the rain gutter back. it probably flooded.
  I'd like to mention that a very similar event happened tuesday last week as well, where I needed to remember to put the trash on the street, and I practised it and made sure I would remember the idea and everything -- but by the time the motors are furious that I'm outside near the end of the day (for some reason they don't want me outside -- haven't figured it out why), that again I felt like I was done, took the dumpster back behind the house and went inside. the next day I woke up and realised I missed trash day.
these events, along with a number of other memory-related issues (I remember things based on how they feel), tells me that nosebook has been hijacking the way I feel in order to steer me, because I don't really perform actions in the same way that they (and a lot of other people do): which is through the symbolic (3) system, where each action has a consequence, and so the way that you convince someone (like a sales person) is to affect the way that they perceive the consequences (buy our product, and the consequence of your action is that you'll feel better about yourself).
  my system for actions is conceptual, and so therefore it's all about how I feel, because the action itself doesn't mean anything: I've noticed many people performing the same actions as me with *much* worse/better cOnsequences than I had (like smoking weed in front of policia) -- and the stuff that works well for me is because I feel "normal" about it, and not as if I'm doing something wrong. I also noticed that a lot of people (with money/power), don't seem to have the same consequences as everyone else -- and so I've come to the conclusion that consequences are a symbolic/literary concept that *only* exists because people like the idea of justice and consequences. all action is performed as a reflection of how I feel; so I can basically just feel, and let my body perform action (watch marc or the starcraft guys play -- and they just feel what is coming next and the body, especially the left-side, just makes the action).
so, even though nosebook is hijacking my system for making action, I still felt good about leaving the rain gutter, and also about not taking the trash out, and so really that's all that matters. I can't really do much other than that.
  it's like when I'm having a conversation with someone, and the other person expects me to behave a certain way, or is attracting something out of me that I don't really want to do -- well, when that happens, I always feel bad about the action, and so therefore interrupt my body to ensure that I don't perform the action that they're attracting,
so whatever ends up happening (no matter how awful it is), all I have to do is remember to feel good about whatever it was that happened, instead of perceiving the consequences (which is why I'm writing this, instead of over at remi's house).
  though that sounds like self-absolution from consequences, I still strongly adhere to the idea that *all* consequences are a literary/symbolic creation of our own mentation, and that looking a fair bit down the arrow of time, it seems fairly obvious that nosebook is playing with fire a little bit. we'll see what unforseen consequences they accrue on theirselves, by making things that otherwise wouldn't feel good, feel good (for other conceptual/insect-like beings, like me).

### 2023-07-29 08:30 - the new kingdom

this morning, I woke up thinking about how in times past, the powerful kings would import the daughters of rival kings to form a sort of alliance between the two kingdoms. the effect that this has vibrationally is quite an interesting one, if I consider that the X is a conceptual framework for perception.
  in other places, I've postulated that the X essentially stores a whole host of built-in (pre-installed) concepts that any person would want to have in order to be able to see/perceive physical. like, it contains the basic structure of the atom (adam) and how they're to be seen, the way that physics works, and so fourth; essentially, a conceptual model of how the physical universe works.
    the Y is the narrative/symbolic implementation, and is much smaller because you don't need a lot of code to encode LOA and other ideas like the "golden rule" or "ask and it's given" -- as these are pretty simple to represent symbolically when working with frequencies/concepts.
  I have also postulated that girls contain the entirety of this repository of concepts going essentiall all the way back to eve, and that the frequency of these concepts cancel each other out, leaving very little low frequencies (only the difference between her father and mother), and lots and lots of very high frequencies (desire) where the waveforms don't match up entirely.
  so, in short, I consider (XX) females to be a repository of pretty much all ideas that have existed all the way up until now, yet because the two X cancel each other out, the only real strong signal that is created is the one that her brain (which also behaves like an X) has focused/present in her mind (usually 5-7).
what this means is that (XX) beings essentially store a library of concepts and ideas, which -- my other theory is that the X is also a sort of network where all of them are connected, which means that not only are all humans connected (cause we all have an X), but also that females in close proximity to another begin to sort of "rub off" on one another and concepts that one has will start to become attracted into the space of others.
  this happens because, say one woman has a concept that another doesn't have -- though, they're canceled out for her, and so therefore probably not present in her brain, they're not canceled out for the other females/males in the group -- and so what I believe happens is that this starts an attraction process as nearby people begin to resonate with those new ideas, and therefore begin to attract them in. this is really good for evolutionary purposes, because the faster that one woman can assimilate the ideas of another (that is, integrate the opposite/same idea into her own X), the more rapidly evolution happens for that maternal line).
    I don't have any conclusive proof on this idea personally (I don't know if I'm XX genetically, or not), but I've noticed in m/ own life and others, that females (and myself) when they get around other females, they strongly affect the others with their new concepts and begin to attract the apparition of those novel concepts into others' realities as well. they also affect men strongly too (in a different way), because it starts attracting the thing, but the attraction comes through (or has to fit into) their symbolic narrative reality of how the universe works, and so a lot of men are closed off to a lot of ideas, simply because it they don't have a symbolic representation for the idea yet. (this is how inventions happen and desire works)
  as new Ideas are spread out, not all of the ideas are actually "good" ideas -- and some may even be seen as "evil" or "bad" in others perception (2)
    when I say perception, I'm referring to the Y, but also to the brain and also your source (those are the three major sources of perception), but I could also include any and all narratives that explain reality, including science and religion.
  the ideas that are recognised (that is they resonate with the perception/narrative), get canceled out, because they're understood and are therefore covered by the narrative. however, the ones that are not understood/covered, begin to get attracted -- and that's essentially how desire works: everything that isn't perceived in the big-picture (2), starts to get attracted more and more until the brain/Y/religion/etc can explain it.
what that means then, is that these kings, when they're importing the daughters of foreign empires, they're importing a lot of both good and bad ideas. for now, let's just focus on the bad ideas though and note that it was often these bad ideas that caused the downfall of so many kings and kingdoms. therefore, taking a step back, what it looks like, from the men's (Y) perspective, is that the only really successful king will be the one that is able to come up with a narrative for self and country that is able to perceive all of the ideas that he's imported (both good and bad), in a way which feels good and doesn't cause his downfall.
  I say "his" because I'm taking the traditional masculine/patriarchical perspective on this one because traditionally it's been the men that have come up with a narrative that can come up with a the-manual which can cohabit "peacefully" with (or maybe dominate with absolute power) so many bad ideas. I know that genetically it's quite possible for females to have a Y, and it's also quite possible for them to come up with narrative as well (many female writers have existed and come up with narrative), yet I postulate that the best way to do this, is *not* to come up with a narrative, and to skip that entirely because that's all based on action, and while action in a sequence *does* imply meaning, I've demonstrated over and over that the way one feels/conceptualises reality during the action/sequence *means* far more than the action itself. therefore, in order to create a narrative (2) that isn't purely symbolic (3) like all of the failed ones before it, the narrative (2) needs to account for both concept (5) and desire (1) as fundamental aspects.
    most narratives are ignore 5 and try to limit/constrain/steer 1 -- and those are the ones that seem to cause the downfall, simply because they're not general in understanding of attraction/desire and the emotional reflection of that attraction from my source's perception (2) of the entire-picture.

all kingdoms that fail to produce and therefore understand attraction of new ideas will continue to fail. the "new kingdom" (I'm trying to sound end-timesy) will be established on top of the narrative that can continue to go higher and higher frequency without getting overturned by its own desire to become something more than it is.
  there have been kingdoms that have lasted a very very long time (egypt for example), and they've lasted a long time because of their *rejection* of new ideas -- which works only for so long as the kingdom and its narrative remain more relevant than the new ideas are. I personally find this sort of big-picture to be pretty limiting, and anticpate that a big-picture tthat can explain "all" will be more like a fractal, which (once that fractal gets boring) will cause desire for a new fractal to be created -- and then the universe reinvents itself :)

### 2023-08-04 23:04 - no need to do anything

I haven't been writing very much lately simply because there simply isn't any need to. my position in the moment is one where I can keep speculating on how I think things are, but without any feedback, it's simply impossible to go any further. I've raised a number of different subjects in this writings that are are relatively substantial in their implications, and if any one of them have any amount of "truth" to them
  "truth" has quotes around it, because *it's all attraction* which means that, simply because I believe it, means that I'm *attracting* proof (or evidence) of its "truth" (which fits into my social-cOnceptual-framework); which means I am aware that I'm attracting the "proof" that I need to believe my own mind dribble; which means that I'm also aware that m/ "truth" isn't any more true than anyone else's; which means that I'm fully living in my own world at this point.
    anyone that wants to join me in my own world of truth can, simply by believing/harmonising their "truth" to be similar to my "truth". as I'll show shortly, this ideological framework will ultimately lead to a split, where I live the reality that I ultimately want to live, and others that don't want to live in a world that I want to live in (ie, no secrets) will go their own way, too.
      I've mentioned this before, but there's likely a reason/purpose for this, as it seems that I'm a type of person that divides people between those who treat others the way they want to be treated, and those that don't.
      I have made a personal commitment to treating others the same way that I want to be treated, and so because I live that way,-- for example, when someone purposefully decieves me or tries to take advantage of me, the "cOnsequences" of their actions are measured out a lot more severely, than for example when they deceive someone else who is quite deceptive (or take advantage of someone that is also trying to take advantage of others).
        I was actually tested on this idea last week when I went down to friendly harbor and I was talking to a guy named aaron (like the priesthood), and I was explaining that we all have an aura around us that is our lens looking out into the world, and also that lens is the same lens that others look through to see me -- just like when I look someone with glasses on in the eyes, I see their eyes through the lens of their glasses, and they see the world through the lens of their glasses as well; well, likewike the earth has the same lens: one perspective (I call the "saturnian system") is looking in on the earth, and the other lens is the the ones on earth see when looking out towards the stars, planets, or the moon. at that point, he interrupted me and said, "for the sake of conversation... [lots of buzzwords that don't make much sense]" -- so I said, "no", and then explained the lenses idea again -- because he's basically testing m5 to see if I'll start treating others the way I don't want to be treated: I *want* want people to speak clearly to me and explain ideas in easy tto understand ideas like lenses and *not* obfuscate the idea behind a bunch of buzzwords. I will *not* (for the sake of the cOnversation), resort to treating others the way that I don't want to be treated. it seems fairly obvious that he must know what I'm talking about to want to try and obfuscate the concept so much. also, it was *JUST US TALKING*, so who else is listening to the conversation? if he knows what I'm talking about and it's just us talking, then who's he obfuscating (or clarifying) the concept for, for the sake of the conversation?
        in my opinion, he's sending a strong message out to the universe saying, "for those that know something, I want them to obfuscate the concept for me so that it remains hidden" (decieve me, please) -- and so I would imagine that there are a number of things that (perhaps recently), he's probably noticed when someone is teling him something, "they're probably not telling me the whole story" (something is obfuscated/ommitted) -- and the more he does that to people like m5, the less and less honest answers he's going to attract from from -- like, it's even possible that some of the things that I told him in our other conversations omitted/obfuscated things on my part, simply because that's what he's attracting (I *try* to communicate as clearly as possible, but sometimes someone's attraction for mis/disinformation is so strong, things slip through -- cause I'm not 100% conscious when I'm talking, just like now -- I'm neither 100% conscious -- but more in a flow of writing/saying what is *attracted*)
      so, the way that I am, and my *choice* to treat Others the way I want to be treated, means that I'm a sort of dividing/chaotic/disruptive person for those that live in a symbolic system of meaning, simply because they *mean* for one thing to happen (action), and get what they didn't *mean to to happen* (again, action/symbol) measured back to them. so, if there *were* more people involved in our conversation than just us, then I can see how this will become a rapidly growing problem for the earth... I extrapolate this out a bit, and can imagine that there is actually going to be an enormous divide in thought:
    the main fulcrum that this divide is teetering upon, is not necessarily any single subject, be it secrets, supervision, genetics, technology, sex, or anything else taboo, but actually the concept of reflectivity: many people want to treat others in a way that they theirselves do not want to be treated, and so the more they interact with people like me, the more they attract from us the way they treat others, for theirselves (and we're just willing participants to play the role they're attracting).
      our ***only*** choice is to just go with the flow, and as long as I can continue to feel good about all the terrible things others are attracting from me, I know I'm fine. I just trust myself and my feeling, cause if I felt good about (whatever action/symbol they attracted), I'll **always** be fine...

so, when I'm thinking about my present circumstances, it seems pretty obvious to me that the "truth" that I believe is not the same "truth" that others believe, and so while we cannot (ever) agree on the exact nuances of what I believe (cause you know NASA certainly won't be talking about why the world is upside-down, or anything like that) -- and almost all of it is a secret (or should be heavily obfuscated), we can never agree on anything until I start getting more technical capabilities to actaully *test* my ideas and cull the ones that don't work -- because until *I* can actually do real science, it's just the stuff I say/believe versus what another says and believes.
  as an example, I watch a lot of [centre place lectures](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEnqfPnCRxLKqM_A7vmYc9xZ2xZcg-itw), and john is a historian -- and in a number of his lectures he sorta gives the hint that the hebrews adopted the cananite language of the region they conquered and wanted to make it their own. the septuagint (he insinuates), especially for a lot of the older prophets, was likely translated *into* hebrew, and not the other way around -- yet in *every lecture* where he talks about the septuagint, he says the accepted (authority of history books) accepted answer, that the septuagint was translated *from* hebrew into greek.
    I don't know much greek, but when reading isaiah, I noticed that the hebrew is a dramatic simplification of the greek, and even some full concepts are changed entirely; yet, when I read genesis or exodus, the greek tracks along with the hebrew word for word. to me, it looks as if the torah was translated into greek, and the other books translated into hebrew.
  so here's the thing: john is a very clear-minded person when it comes to history, but when it comes to taboo's on a subject that (IMO) he has a different opinion than what the scholar's history book says, he sticks to the history book answer. this (also IMO), is the same as [the mega church pastors "misreading scripture to millions"](https://youtu.be/P7SuyT6-mxg?t=1308), cause no matter what, the literal word of god (that historians) have written in the book is what's to be taught as "truth".
so, there can *never* be an agreement on any "truth" that I or anyone else has, simply because it's what I say/believe vs what they say believe -- and the more "authoratative" their rendition of "truth" is, the more believable it sounds...
  personally, if I were in john's position, I would *always* say what I think, even if it goes against what others think -- which is why I'm heavily censored, and he's not... cause he cares what others think, and I don't. I'm perfectly fine being perceived as crazy -- because I'm not -- I just don't have access to resources that can give me good information -- and, I'm also not arguing for a historical position to be true, because I personally believe that *all* timelines that lead to the present are valid and true (even if they contradict each other -- other people could have arrived to the present through a different narrative/history than I did). so, actually I wouldn't be a historian at all, because for me, there is no such thing -- just a reconstruction of the witnesses to the car accident, not the accident itself.
therefore, since I can never get any "truth" out of anyone, the only thing that matters, is what I'm attracting -- and for that I *literally* **do not need to do anything**.
  the way that I see this playing out in reality is pretty simple: I don't really need to make any actions or try to get anyone to believe my "truth", or work really hard to verify my truth either -- and I'm even softening up on my ideas that I want to work on genetics and stuff, simply because **none of it matters anymore**.
    (evolution-of-desire): I thought that I wanted to work on genetics and stuff, but the reality is, *I* (me, kenny, my body) am a *proof* of my own "truth" -- and so we'll simply put all of my ideas up to the test: I am the living model of everything that I want to do, so I don't really need to look outside of myself for it, and let's say I'm right about being in lyra where I live in this narrated physical world where different cultures have had a narrative built up for them to prepare them to instantiate into the physical world here... well, then again, there's nothing that I can do: I simply have to wait for their sun to go boom and everyone shows up here... or, let's say the opposite is true and I live with the archons: again, nothing to be done here because I just hang out and live an incrasingly more "golden rule" lifestyle and let them deal with their own attraction #golden-rule-lifestyle. *I am* what I'm looking to create, so no need to look for it in others.
  let's even have a look at the opposite perspective, and imagine for a moment that *I am* pure desire: well, there's the problem because the most desire is also the most evil/bad/unwanted -- so like hitler or something (but worse) -- and so therefore, I'm constantly amplifying unwanted/bad/evil all over the place, and it's simply "not my problem" that others don't know how to feel good about something (there is a perspective that can find good/positive/benefit in *everything*) -- and though I try and tell others it's possible, they're the ones that are attracting their own bad/evil/unwanted, not me; I've already found a way to feel good about that atrocity (or whatever it is). in that sense/perspective, I'm pure evil, and so therefore I represent the pinnacle of desire for everyone: ability to feel good about *all* aspects of creation (even the bad/evil/unwanted).
    I can't give that capacity to anyone, but what I can do is show/allow *all* aspects of creation to be experienced/attracted, and then let everyone feel how they want about them; I can't feel, think, or perceive for anyone else.

### 2023-08-07 23:23 - thoughts on adolf hitler

the other day I decided to look up adolf hitler on wikipedia. one interesting thing is that wikipedia has a whole entry on [his sexuality](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sexuality_of_Adolf_Hitler), which I found quite interesting. there seems to me to be a pattern with the women that have claimed to have been with him, namely, that they seem to all go through a terrible amount of depression and often suicide attempts afterward. I got the strong feeling both that hitler is strangely attractive to women (perhaps they don't know why they're attracted to him), and also that they seem to all look very very old for their age.
  I know it's been said that people looked older in the past, but for example the picture of eva braun with hitler and their dogs (aged ~30), she looks A LOT older than 30. the other pictures of unity mitford also look too me like she's quite a bit older after she moves to germany in 1934; before that, the pictures she's in, she looks considerably younger and more youthful.
it could easily be said that this dramatic aging that I'm noticing could be caused by politics in general (and the stress that comes with it), however I'm noticing a lot of parallels between my life and also hitler's, which I can't properly go through them all, but it does seem the case to me (it's just a feeling/hunch) that once these girls get sexually involved with him, things go considerably downhill after that...
  I've noticed a similar pattern in my own life as well, as I can't really say for sure what any of my past partners would say (and neither do I think I would get a straight/thoughtful answer either, as everyone is interested in telling me *not* what they think), and I haven't really seen any of them recently either, as well -- but I can say that as soon we've had sex, all of a sudden all of her seeming fears and anxieties go into full speed, and it seems that all of a sudden I turn into everything that she desires/fears all at once.
    I've noted elsewhere that fear is just desire for something unwanted to happen, and so if I consider hitler to be someone that has very strong desire (much like myself), this fits the pattern perfectly, simply because desire in one perception is fearful (like "fear of YHWH"), and in another perception, that same desire is the most magnificent thing that can be experienced, ever -- and the translation of that desire into concept depends largely on the social-conceptual-framework in which the desire is perceived.
      I noticed this many many times especially with raquel, for example, on the subject of "ego" and "egoismo" -- something she was very concerned with, because she thought that I shouldn't actually like myself, and that I should constantly consider myself as inferior to others -- when I don't consider myself as either superior or inferior, but on a case-by-case basis, I usually find that (especially for the stuff I've studied), I typically have a superior/better/improved idea on something than most other people do. if I don't know much about it, I don't attempt to claim superiority. for her, this came off as "I'm the best" and "I'm always right" -- which were difficult for her because I just see them as "this is the most desirable way". her social-conceptual-framework must have been coming from a perspective of subordinate or less-than, and so anyone that has a strong opinion is a macho-dominator-type. in reality, my desire is for the *best* or for the *improvement*, not to dominate. I've **never** taken a dominant position where I have perceived power over someone else, and have **always** desired to be equal with my peers.
        the problem with that desire, is that when it's sexually transmitted to raquel, that desire manifests through her social-conceptual-framework, and now all of a sudden she's seeing that desire for improvement all over the place, and (sometimes inaccurately) assuming that *all* desire for things to go well is dominator machismo. the thing she didn't also notice is the internal conflict inside of her to want to start seeing herself as awesome and worthwhile and full of good ideas (you have to believe you have good ideas to receive tdhem) -- and so she started to become the dominator that she hated so much. it's just desire, and she didn't know how to allow others (and herself) to just have the desire, even if they're wayy off the mark in having a good implementation for it (it's just desire).
      the other problem with others' perception of desire is the idea that the desire is in fact *evil*. all things have a portion of wanted and unwanted to them, and so even the "worst" things, *still* have an element of wanted to them -- and so when I come up with ideas that enable bad people to have more perceived power or control (my writing is full of this stuff), then there are lots of people out there that think that they need to censor my thoughts on nosebook having the ability to introspect any and all aspects of the physical body, modifying the sigdnals that the brain and eyes receive, etc. -- all of that in one person's perspective looks like a great way to manipulate and control people, yet for me, this sounds like just the technology that I want to use to create party-LAN (and other ideas). it's the basis for tesla's world system, and is really quite an awesome technology; it's just the ones that want to dominate and control that see it as a technology that can be used for domination and control. that desire (in my perception) is really really cool, yet for someone else in a different social-conceptual-framework will see the same desire as something awful and evil...
    desire is just a signal, something like a sound or vibration, and for some people that sound is inaudible and not even perceptible. for other people, the sound is a horrendous sound that grates on the nerves and causes a sort of anxiety and/or fear. for others still, that sound could be pure ecstasy. I simply cannot control how that desire/sound will be for other people, yet in *my* perception, it's quite a good thing.
      my theory on this, as it relates to hitler is similar to my experience of desire as I was growing up: I grew up in a christian cult that was very much around the subordination of women to the patriarchs of the church, and so I didn't really have a good social-conceptual-framework in which I could perceive girls as being anything other than subordinate to me -- which I didn't really like at all. I urged my father to reconsider some of the crazy ideas of the church and eventually found m/ own way -- yet I simply could not find a way to ever "love" a woman, so I didn't. I could feel attraction from them and stuff, but I didn't really understand how that could possibly be.
        there are other quite notable problems as well, like "love is patient/kind/etc." list from paul, which basically makes love an impossible experience. it's just simply not possible for me to behave that way way because I don't like to *protect* people, I like to boast, and I'm very self-seeking. I also don't trust people, etc. one of the difficulties that I had a lot of times is the idea of "truth" because my father would often tell us untruths (for whatever reason), but my mom didn't (until I came home from spain), and so I often times considered that mom loved me more than my father did (pretty normal), but in order to love someone else, I had to be completely honest with them -- which (at that time) felt like a very impossible thing, because *nobody* that I knew was actually honest with their partner. my mom complained all the time about how dad didn't tell her the truth and even actively deceived her too, so I figured that I'd simply have to wait until I'm older to be able to have this "love" thing. then after the brain haemorrhage had this looming problem where I knew that I was going to be quite successful at programming, so I'd probably be pretty rich, which means that automatically I have to find someone that's honest and loving *before*, I'm rich.... it didn't work because I was millionaire at 26-27, and spain didn't offer any honest people anyway.
      I simply didn't have a social-conceptual-framework in which I could understand that desire, and it took my quite a long time to figure out that the desire has *nothing* to do with anyone else outside of me, and *only* has to do with how *I* perceive reality. up until that point, I had tremendous depression, simply because I didn't understand how all of this awful stuff I see all around in the world could possibly be the manifestation of this desire/God that I knew was so much more. my adolescence was plaged with this depression, and I didn't know how to resolve it.
        for anyone out there wanting to know, desire can *only* be understood emotionally -- and so if something feels bad, that *always* means that I'm looking at the desire in a way which doesn't feel good, and so there's *always* a way to look at the same thing (be it fear or dominators or whatever) in a way which doesn't feel bad anymore. that's what I call perception.
    so, my theory of what's happening is that adolf is pretty simliar to me (pre-haemorrhage) in that he's essentially a 7th ray in perception, which means he's physically able to perform in a way which is quite pleasing to people. I don't know muc about hitler, but he was probably a great orator, and could just talk at length about anything like me, very intuitive under high stress situations (another aspect of desire), and so in my system he's mars (+7) + anatau (-1) -- the alpha and omega of perception (very much like me): he perceives all things as a function of desire; and so he's highly attractive and will continue to find himself in more and more desirable positions (according to his social-conceptual-framework), because for him it's always more towards what's desired (just like me). the problem is, the girls he's with don't see things as a function of desire, and so while for him this is a steady climb up to the top of the aryan dominance expectation from hitlet's social-conceptual-framework, the girls probably experience the same vibration as strong depression and/or fits of ecstasy (there's no in-between).

the next thing that I noticed about hitler is that he seems to have been summoned in a very similar way as myself: the aryan superiority narrators went to great length to summon a powerful and dominant man that will lead the aryan race into a superior position, and so much the same as how I am a manifestation of shakespere, and a lot of hollywood movies, adolf too was attracted/summoned symbolically based on the symbols that his narrators gave him. just like with jesus and myself (also 7th rays in perception), we didn't fully fit the symbols just as expected, and so I think hitler was the same thing: fits the symbolic description, but the implementation isn't what was expected, and so therefore is ultimately rejected by his summoners.
  there are a lot of implications to this idea, but the number one that sticks out to me is how he's exactly what they attracted. I don't know much about first world war, but it seems to me that those wanting power and control were interested in a physical domination of the world, as a reaction to oppression (or something -- not sure), and he did just that. the very fact that so many people jumped on board with the nazi party, is *evidece* that the plan that hitler had in mind was attractive to many.
    in just the same way, I'd like to note that my narrators are also facing a similar challenge: they're looking for something, and I show up with one implementation (tuenti), but that implementation is ultimately rejected (by me and probably those that run media companies) because it would give people too much ability to organise and think together, when they want us divided and at-odds with each other. then some events happen, and I start to become attractive to more women, so I gain more public image, and that's requires more control, because the various solutions that I propose range from even worse than tuenti (party-LAN), up to something that nobody would ever want humans to have: understanding and control over their emotions. then once again, my solutions *do* resonate with some people, and that's a problem because the narrators want someone other than kenny; they want someone they can control and manipulate at a distance.
  btw, just in case anyone is wondering, hitler is just the showman in the front: the magician that's keeping everyone's eyes looking one place while other things are happening...
    actually, if sepehr is right about the antarctic base, then hitler is actually a sort of *double magician* because he's a distraction to keep everyone from noticing all of the zombies that run hollywood the USA now, at the same time as getting the antarctic base setup (plus prolly some others). sounds again a whole lot like me. I too am just the magician in the front, meanwhilst a whole bunch of stuff is happening in the back.
we have a lot in common; just saying.

### 2023-08-07 11:07 - I don't like my body

yesterday, I was having one of those telepathic moments with jaron (cause I took a epic dosage of maria), and he was telling me (or so it felt), that he thinks that I don't actually like my body.
  I looked into the reason why he thinks that, and it seems that it all revolves around my hair removal: I shave my legs, chest, pubes, and pits -- mostly because I don't like the way that hair feels; I feel too much physically what everyone else is feeling, so I shave it.
    the way it works (for me at least) is that hairs are kind of like recepotors/antennae for that area of the body, and so I imagine that the length of the hair is some multiple of the wavelength (which is why some hair is short and others long).
    I believe that the hair is conforming to wavelengths (and its colour is also reflective of the different wavelengths of reception), so a short hair is responding to say astral, meanwhile a long hair would be regarding a physical vibration -- and let's say shaved hair would be the shortest wavelength, and no hair would be no antennae, and no transmission or reception of that signal.
      I noticed that a lot of women in the adult industry have most of their body hair removed, simply because they don't want to feel (ie, be transmitting/receiving) on the sam5 wavelength as their (sometimes more) hairy partners are.
    therefore, the more one removes their hair, the less frequencies their physical body will receive. my present goal is to go the way of *no* hair: that is pure desire, and I want to change how I receive physical as well.
      one other thing that I want to do with the species, is to make it so that we (like insects) no longer have any physical sensation; so, basically no nervous system, and each individual cell (in its nucleus) will, at the DNA level, translate all physical sensation into something that is understandable on a conceptual level. some people will upgrade their ME to remove/add sensation for the parts of the physical spectrum that they wish to experience; all will be customisable, and if someone wants to remove/add hair to add physical sensation in those parts of the body, that'll also be possible. I personally want to go completely hairless, and actually allow my hair not to be physically visible, but only to exist In the astral (making my hair always look the way I envision it -- yet my body is always reflective of how I perceive myself to be -- again, also upgradable).
  the way all of this fits in, is that jaron, (at the moment), is the "beast" because he still has all of his hair (even beard), and so therefore, he's positioned to become the thing that he wants (someone to motivate him): he wants to figure out how to motivate himself, and the only way he can do it is to figure out what symbols he wants to have (which is why I was talking to him about so called "super symbols" which resonate with every concept that resonates with that symbol. it's the infinine/complete set, but because there are always new cOncepts, that infinite/completion/perfection is always becoming more: desire).
    therefore, he wants me to go back to having hair, because he thinks that I actually am ashamed of m/ body; and to some extent, I agree with him. however, I do also know that I'm a constant reflection of those that view me, and so (IMO) I don't actually believe that I'm ashamed of my body, as my body and my lack of shame about it will continue to improve.
      there is some merit to going the completionist route here, and going full hair (which I'm strongly considering -- mostly because I want to figure out how to remove the hair *perceptually* and not physically)
        this falls into line with what I want, which is to *become* the living model of the DNA that I want to become -- meanwhilist, all of the things that are necessary to make my *dream* a living reality are getting into place. I have to *become* the thing I want to find outside of me, which for me is fine...
      the otthr thing about this idea that has merit, is that it slows things down dramatically.
    however, the main difficulty here of this idea, is that I feel like I'm going about it backwards: my entire goal is to figure out how to make the species so that I can *choose* which hair that I want to have, and then my own DNA will attract the set of circumstances necessary for me to gain the perception necessary to no longer need that hair (meaning, I now have to receive the same physical sensation at the celular level, and no longer with the physical hair), but if I start feeling extra sensation in those places (like for exmple the pubes), then it's quite possible that I'll "feel too much" (physical sensation) in those parts, and defeat my own goal.
      it's kindof a chicken and egg scenario here, because I want the thing that the technology offers, but also I want to figure out how to do it perceptually, which means I should go the perceptual route, and just trust myself, instead.
  however, if I go back to having hair, then that makes jaron the "christ" (2nd ray "poser") that is emulating my beastlyness. that would also make him jack, and also the "scapegoat"... so you guys want me to go back to beast, huh -- OK, but on my own terms:
little by little, I'll figure it out -- as these aren't problems that need to be sorted out right now. I'll come to like my own body, even though I'm still acting/reflective of my audience that is also disliking their body (and I feel it -- because I have hair)
  my theory is, actually -- that if I go back to having hair, then I'll be on the same frequency (because of the hair) of those that also don't like their body, which means I'll have to find a way of feeling good about that hair. interesting challenge, and I think I'm up for it -- but just like smoking cigarettes (and quitting), I'll switch back and fourthe between the two, until I can no longer notice a difference and the hair becomes unnecessary (meaning, I now have the sensation at the celular level)

### 2023-08-11 10:46 - weeds, eugenics, and slavery

yesterday when I was pulling a bunch of weeds out in the back, I was contemplating how reactive the weeds are to my mentality. at the same time, I was noticing that it is fully possible to remove a large amount of weeds in order to be able to grow desired plants (like crops) -- but you'd need a whole lot of slaves to be able to do it.
  the thing to notice with this is that, I'm not a slave, and so when I'm out there pulling weeds, my mentality is usually pretty fun and happy (I *like* pulling weeds), and so I noticed that weeds tend to reflect my mentality.
    I've pulled a lot of other people's weeds at this point and I've noticed that not only do the weeds reflect the mentality of the people living at the place, but the ones that grow tend to also reflect the mindset (concept/emotion) of the person performing the action... so as an example of this, the other day when I was pulling art's weeds, I noticed that a lot of the goatheads were growing where he had placed a bunch of sawdust -- and just for those of note, it's often the case that art is making the sawdust when he's outside trying to prevent my from peeing outside and other upset moments (I think it's the way he soothes himself) -- and so the sawdust has a lot of that sort of goathead defiant (I'm gonna do things my way right in the way) sort of feel to it..
  so, I'm embuing the weeds with that sort of mentality (even though I'm performing a bit of eugenics) -- as for me I'm focused very little on the unwanted aspect of the weeds, and more thinking about and feeling a lot more wanted aspects.
so, what my major realisation yesterday was, that slaves have spent thousands of years embuing the weeds they've been pulling out there doing all of that slave labour with the frustration and contempt that they have for life -- and so weeds are literally a reflection of all of that frustration and anger in plant form.
  knowing that, it then seems pretty plainly obvious why goatheads don't really grow in green meadows and nice places, but instead in cities where they resonate with people with similar anger and frustration.
  my current thinking on this is that nasty weeds grow almost exclusively in places where people have a similar mentality to those weeds.

the next thing I was thinking about is the jews. "for the sake of the conversation" I'm going to equate jews with weeds, and consider that WW2 for the jews was like me rolling through and pulling out all of the weeds that I don't like.
  I noticed when pulling weeds that if I just let them go (and don't "correct" them), then they get big, unwieldy, and don't really make any improvements. however, when I go out and perform a destructive action (that is pulling out the ones that I don't want), then I notice all the time new (and usually improved) weeds showing up.
    as an example, I noticed the weed that crossed with the sage and the tall green ones (I should make names for them), that one also gained flowers this year, but it's very ugly -- so I'll likely pull them up soon. however, I didn't feel like I wanted to pull them up for quite a while, and wanted to let them grow. now that they've grown and failed a bit, I'm starting to feel like I want to pull them up. I also noticed a bit of a relief feeling when I pulled out the dried mini sunflowers in the front. they reached the end of their age (they're not reproducing anymore) and it feels like they desire to be pulled up.
  I haven't fully figured it out, but it seems to me that eugenics is actually kind of a *helpful* thing for weeds, as I don't really feel like I'm doing anything harmful to them, but instead kind of like giving them a clean slate to start with and letting them iterate and reinvent theirselves again.
I don't really know many jews (only worked with brent and joe in essembly), so I don't feel qualified to generalise about them at all, but I do know more the hebrew bible and stuff like that -- and one of the things that is quite notable is how many rewrites they've done on trying to figure out what this YHWH thing is all about
  in "the bible was written backwards" concept expressed through various people on youtube, the core concept is that the majority of the texts written were done looking back some years later and trying to figure out what caused the various wipeouts that had happened in their history: it was idolitry, foreign wives; sacrifice, etc. -- and then from there building up a narrative to support the proposed "this is what went wrong", and what we should do differently the next time.
and I don't really know if this is something that happens quite frequently for them, but it seems to be more of a "trial and error" (epimethian) approach to reality, than a promethian forward-looking, I already see how it all fits together, perspective. for me though, I find the "cull the unwanted bits and start over" fits really well into my reality program, so I use it a lot: my desire is to have the stuff that doesn't fit in continually culled.

### 2023-08-27 13:13 - telling others how to behave around me

the last few days have put me into a bit of a difficult situation that I didn't ever really anticipate. it goes like this:
  0. a long time ago (prolly last year), paul cut his grass and he left enormous clumps of grass clippings on his lawn, which I could see based on watching the past few times cutting his grass, that the grass under the clumps died and it made a spot on the grass. I figured he would want to know that he's going to make big spots in his grass if he leaves the clumps there like that so I *gave him a lecture* (ie, told him how to behave) on how he needs to blow the grass clippings or disperse them somehow, so if he didn't want get big dead spots in his lawn.
    a. he didn't like me telling him how to do his grass (even though some weeks/months before he presented me with the idea that he wanted to have "the greenest grass") and so I'm trying to make his desire a reality and get him the nicest grass possible.
    b. after a few months of his grass clippings collecting in the same spot, the spot is gitting bigger and more dead with a few cm of matted grass clippings at the bottom ensuring no grass would ever grow there.
  1. a few weeks ago I took it upon myself to pull the "crappy grass" out of paul's grass, because though they're grass, they grow up to have these big sticker things on the top (the big bushy seed pods), and they're quite ugly (IMO), so I just figured that they're undesirable, and so I was pulling them. one of the most ubiquitous locations that this crappy grass would grow was in the big dead spots where his grass clippings had killed the grass underneith.
    a. I figured that he probably wanted real grass growing there instead of crappy grass peering through the mat of dry grass clippings, so I removed both the clippings, the weeds, and the crappy grass, exposing the dirt underneith so the grass can grow back (it looks like a big brown spot now, instead of a bunch of crappy grass, weeds, and dried clippings, so it looks visibly worse while the grass hasn't regrown yet)
    b. this prompted remi to place a sign on the lawn alerting me, *please do not touch paul's grass* -- or something like that, which is totally fine by me, and I haven't touched his grass since. (not my problem, anyway)
  2. also a few weeks ago, I showed remi my backyard, and showed her how there were these white flowers that are growing with these sunflowers. I explained that I really liked that configuration.
    a. within a week, presumably (because he said he did) art (my neighbour) took it upon himself to go through the entire back yard and poison all of the white flowers that were growing: the ones up next to the wall and the ones growing with the sunflowers.
    b. originally, I was letting the back area grow how it wanted to grow, which is why I was so happy to see the white flower vines working so well with the sunflowers. however, now that art is specifically targetting the weeds that he doesn't like in my back yard, I decided that instead of him exerting decision over which weeds stay and go, I decided to start cleaning the back myself, removing all of the weeds that *I* don't like (it also looks less wild, and so therefore there should be no reason for him to come over and poison my plants again).
    c. I have it in the back of my mind to tell art (next time I see him) to *please do not touch kenny's plants* -- or something like that (mirroring paul/remi).
  3. a week or so ago, I cleared out the weeds in front of the back sliding door window, leaving a number of weeds to keep growing. I noticed that there is a new hybrid that is a mix of a weed that originally came from the marigolds, but had combined with the sage to create an even stronger (and nicer, IMO) smelling weed with slightly thinner leaves. I don't know if it will flower yet (like the sage into purple flower towers), so I wanted to see what they turn into
    a. jaron asked me to pull (or noticed; can't remember) one of the weeds out in front of the slider. I took him outside and showed him the white flowers and the new sage/marigold hybrids and let him smell them, and talked about how much I like my weed creations.
    b. jaron seemed interested in planting again (briefly) and so I gave him his options: there is a plant that that we bought mom for her birthday which promptly died, but has since started to grow back, and a lemongrass plant that was dead but the roots were still fine, so all it needed was a bit of water to get back to growing. if he wanted to do that, then I was going to find a way for him to be able to start watering plants again (he liked that the years that he was doing it).
  4. the next day (or shortly thereafter) after I told jaron about the lemongrass and showed the revived plant, mom came and cut down all of their dried parts (removing some of the seeds I had wanted to get). though I missed the seeds, it wasn't the end of the world
  5. then a few days ago, mom comes over and rips the lemongrass plant entirely out of the pot, and pulls all (but one that is growing over near greg's shed) of my sage/marigold hybrid weesd up
    a. I don't know why she took the time to trim it, if she was going to destroy it the next time coming over)

brb, mom came over... still not sure if I want to begin telling others what to do... (finish later)
- tell greg about fries on burner
- feeling similar to how I was when I got home (and telling nosebook how to behave)
  - motive/why vs how (do I want to feel)
- I'm still not sure how to deal with telling others what to do

### 2023-09-16  11:32 - thoughts oooooooon m
### 2023-09-16  12:33 - only m5 can defeat me

I've been considering for the last few weeks the character of mars, because I've been noticing a lot of historical figures that are very similar to him, and subsequently to me. the latest was last night that socrates was also one of these "child of desire" (yes, I'm| including tantra in here) -- or cupids. there seems to have been quite a few of thom throughout history, and they're the typical mars types -- the greek hero that is very much the "top" and is inspiring all of the troops to conquer what it is that they want, in effort for them to fulfill their desires (like getting their prize of battle: to lose their virginity (with a girl) to a prize of something that he'd conquered): pure-desire.
  the reason I invoke-pure desire here is that tthe same creative force that is involved in sexual drive is the same involved in creativity and destruction. you could imagine (now from vulcan's perspective), the same sentence: to lose his virginity to something that he created.
the girl at the end of the movie/battle/war/etc is the prize that all of these mars/vulcan types are looking for, and a lot of the main aryan teaching (all of the esoteric nonsense) is all conditional -- and so these desire types that only know how to accomplish their desire, through warfare, are all fighting over the conditions that they can accomplish.
  I noticed this very interesting transition in greece during the time of socrates, because greece had become a bit like a united states in comparison with sparta. they wanted to try out a form of democracy, where anyone can become a politician and startt to control the conditions of the people through policy and politics. there's a lot to do with politicians and conditionals and power grabbing for the accomplishment of *calculated* desire. it's a new form of desire in which conditions are accomplished, not by force, but by *convincing people* (rhetoric). this new style of accomplishing ones desires would form as the basis for the next style of rhetoric: romance and poetry.
  romance and poetry had existed long before the rennaissance period, but I noticed that it wasn't until then that they began to display publicly (in the form of poetry) evidence of their desire. up until then (considering the politicans), this public display of desire would be unheard of, because -- well, just imagtine a politican (of greek times) talking like the politicans do today, where they tell everyone their desires: "if you vote for me, then the [whatever] system that we all know sucks (condition) will be more desirable" -- and so they tell everyone their desire, and just simply don't back it up. that wouldn't work so well when life expectancy was short. the politican would actually have to come up with either a good way of disguising their (real) intentions, or they would have to actually perform what they're promising. now imagine a politican like romeo (from shakespere's play), and now: they dance all around their idea and make it sound really good, in try tto seduce the population into their imaginary (but elaborated) fantasy.
so what ends up happening, is that these mars types become extremely superficial, because they've come to believe that it's the conditions that they want to try and live out their fantasy world. however, they've got a lot of difficulty dealing with their emotions.
  the reason for this is fairly obvious: all desire is for a feeling (which is captured/described in the imagination symbolically), and so that feeling (felt inside of the fantasy) is what they're really wanting, however, they don't know how to ever get the desire, because the feeling is elusive, and (seemingly) can only be accomplished with the right conditions.
    to add extra difficlulty, there's thoth that deifines all of the actions and the procedures of how to get those symbolic feelings (magickal spellsx), and amun/ra/jupiter has all of the action sequence all figured out and encoded into the syntax of all interactions: why do we greet the way we do? itt's to get the other person feeling a specific way during the conversation: all syntax and ritual are defined by these venus (3,7) and jupiter/thoth (3,7) types, as not only is the syntax supposed to produce a feeling (it often does not today), but also it's designed to be the expectation, or the proper way to treat someone (like greeting a stranger at the well, or whatever). none of that matters (when it comes to desire), but it seemingly does because we're *supposed* to make actions in a well-defined protocol.
  therefore, it appears that the mastery of the physical world (7) and the conditions which impose theirselves on the form (3), is the way to accomplishing their desire, yet that doesn't *at all* teach them (actually makes it harder) to be able to accomplish the feeling, which is what they really desire. if only there were a way that they could learn to feel the way they want to feel, *without* having to live in terrible conditions to do it... lol

the other sigificant pattern that I've noticed about all of these cupids throughout history is that they're always only defeating theirselves: they are always conquered by their own desire. if they live by the sword, then they die by the sword. socrates died from the very thing that he was warning everyone about, and I can explain that all of the things in my life have only come about as defeating myself. I pay a lot of attention to how much I'm a hypocrite, and I only talk about things that I want to be held accountable for -- cause if the idea is still developing, I'm often not ready to talk about it -- as I want all of my idea(l)s to be tested on me first, as they're going to become reflected back to me.
  this reflective style of living would be very uncomfortable for a lot of people, as it means that they're continually having to become the things that they dislike about other people -- as there are a lot of unlikable things out there, and so if I dislike them, I become like them, yet if I just see them as other things out there which I have no control over, then there's no problem. therefore, what I've noticed about a lot of other reflective types is that they have a lot of "skeletons in the closet" because we've reflected someone else's badness back to them. does that really make me that way? I do seem to be capable of a lot of things only other people think are capable of happening, which is really weird because I can easily fulfill someone's greatest fear (desire to feel completely vanquished/immobile), or I can fulfil their desire to feel good, as well. tthey ultimately decide how they want to feel by deciding how they want me to make them feel (nosebook is all about this, btw), and so I'm quite popular (especially at a distance), because I'm not (physically) reflective at a distance. we're kind of like "tools" in that we can be given orders at a distance well (far away from the commander), and just perform the action. hmmm, OK, so think of a mirror that is thousands of miles away, I'd see only a bright dot or nothing at all, but bring that mirror and put it in front of me, and the reflection is really big.
therefore, these guys want to be emissive more than they're reflective, which is another problem all in itself: as soon as someone becomes emissive amongst a lot of other reflectors, prepare to have that same energy reflected back. tthat energy is not *their* energy, but my own energy, and so whenever I get too emissive (charactor-like), then I have to ensure the ideas I'm putting out, are actually good ideas, and the ideas I want to do, because if there's any distortion in the ideas, they'll get magnified until they defeat me.
  I've considered this idea a lot when writing the-manual, because it is written very much in the 1st ray perspective, but I have to use symbol (words), to explain the 1st ray perception. it's *only* something that some one can experience for theirself, and words can never describe it accurately. therefre, *any* inaccuracies that I have in there inevitable and are "coming back to haunt me" because I'll ultimately have to live in the world I created.
    you know I've often times wondered what it was like for these aryan invaders to come in and take over the place, then decide to live there. they have to now live in a place that will fear a repeat of what I just did when I rolled into town. they're now expecting another raiding party to come in and kill all the men and take the women and girls to be wives... what if they just got a plane ticket instead, hung out in the bars and tried to find a foreign girl that way? they're created the terrible bronze age world they're living in.
  the-manual is likely the way that I'll "defeat myself" (or become perfected) -- as I'm fairly certain that there are lots of effort going into trying to compromise my will/desire (like morpheus in the matrix), as of late, I just haven't really desired to write things down anymore. there may be some things that are taboo, and would show off evidence of desire that some have, which they'd rather to keep secret.
    you know, I've given a lot of thought about this as well, because obviously they're trying to gain "control" over my head, and to essentially use me as an automaton at a distance -- and I don't really mind, because *I don't want* to have any power or control over others. in order to create the things I want to create, I would inevitably end up with some kind of power or control, and don't want that. that would make me an emitter, and I don't want to be an emitter (until I'm perfected), because of my highly attractive nature. this is unsatisfactory for a lot of people, as their desire is that I become an emitter, but I don't want to do that for the reflective/cupid nature I wrote about above, as I will continually defeat myself, until either there's nothing more to defeat (ie, I'm a perfect reflector) -- or someone decides to force me into being an emitter -- which is also sorta fine -- because by doing that, their desire will be reflective of mine (ie, they want for someone else what they also want for theirself), and so they're condemning theirselves to become a reflective cupid-like person, also -- something most people would not want.

### 2023-09-21 17:40 - [...]

I woke up this morning with a response in my head about something... it's usually (I figure) related to something that was going on in my head while I was asleep. I imagine they have discussions and meetings and things, and my ability to gain cOnsciousness is limited, and so the ideas that would normally come to me head (if the conversation were in real-life), aren't allowed to come, but the resonance of the conversation still lingers, so I often times wake up with a strong opinion against some invisible problem (yes, this is one of the many things that remind me of don quixote).
  the thing that I seemed to be upset about is it felt like they were seemingly going to try and force me into a position of power, yet they don't see that I don't really want that. sure, it's normal that perhaps a few years/decades ago I would have wanted to be king in order to ensure that all me good ideas go through; but, not anymore, because I know that such a position would not actually give me what I want. I've carried on endlessly about how I want to retain 1st ray perspective, and not try to make everything relative to something else. I want something cause I like how it feels. I don't like it because of this that and the other (symbolic/calculated) reason for wanting it. I jusxt want it, and that's it.
    on this topic, I've had to make a lot of decisions lately where I've been forcing myself(*) to reason about what I want symbolically, and it's an interesting thing to see myself doing that, because in the end I still pick what it is that is more appealing to me in/on a feeling basis. I'm still not as good as I might thinkg at feeling the way I want to feel, and I know that, which is why I'm going to endlessly delay manifestations which would conditionally impose good-feeling into my life, no longer making it necessary to actually feel good.
      an illustration of this, I'd like to make: imagine that I'm good enough now at feeling-purposefully, where any conditional manifestation that I could possibly take, will have a runaway feedback loop of good manifestations, basically until boredom strikes and I want a challenge again. I can imagine that if I were to become king or somcething like that, then it would get boring pretty quickly because nothing is difficult anymore and everything feels pretty good. eventually, we'd arrive to having timeline technology and/or a way to move about in time conceptually, at which point I'd be like, "hey do you want to create/see (if) these bad-guys can actually hold me away from who I am? let's jump in and try tit." well, at tthe present moment, I'm fairly certain that I would [...]
  the way that LOA works is my *true* desire is -- whatever (let's say it's feeling-purposefully), and so often times a number of events (attracted by me) are put there in place to keep me from getting my body's (calculated/symbolic) desire, and instead to get/become what I really want; and so often times I'll seemingly miss or pass up a lot of really good opportunities, which would make me that emitter; make me that king. I *want* to live in the m6nopolar world of attraction, not in the world of the king, which is the world of right and wrong, good and evil: dualities, relativity, etc.
  the monopolar world is just m5, and I'm spinning/attracting, and it doesn't matter what anyone else is doing because it's all attraction. I am a celestial body, like a planet; or a galaxy. (I hesitate to say star, because we think of stars like emitters, not as attractors, like we can imagine planets/galaxies attracting solar wind from their stars).
  the relativity world happens when I'm inside of a body and there's not a lot of open space around me, so I have to worry about others and be conscious of other things that are in my reality.

let's just imagine for a moment that somehow I was tricked into becoming king: I'm now forced out of the world of desire/attraction, and put into the world of symbol and action. the first thing I would command everyone to do is, "do what thou wilt" (make your calculated desire happen, and see how it turns out). nobody is going to tell you that what you're doing is wrong, so just go for it. if you want to kill someone really badly, just do it.
  one could imagine the tim5 of the bronze age collapse as being something similar to this: pure anarchy/chaos in the sense that everyone (within their world-view) is exacting their desire. no more restrictions are there to impose civil order or "the right way" just be as brutal and fleshy as you want to be.
what I imagine would happen is that most people will look at all of the amazing/terrible/awful things happening around them, and they'll either be able to join that energy (good or bad), or find some way to emit|attract what they want. the cool thing about it is, they'll all figure out what it is that they *really* want (in the LOA sense) -- because often times our body's, trained by society/government/church/family's ideals produces a (calculated/symbolic) desire tthat/which is actually contrary to that/which is really wanted..
  for example me: I don't *really* want to tell others what to do or to impose my will on them.
the next thing that I imazgine would happen would actually be the beginning of the "end" in the sense that those who can feel the way they want to feel will be able to do that, and they'll be living just fine amongst the chaos -- and they'll be fine. some will have the conditions necessary to feel the way they want to feel, and some won't -- so ultimately, since feeling-purposefully isn't all that popular, I would imagine that there will be a few like me, and a whole lot of wealthy elites that find ourselves (eventually) in a different world than the one with all of the chaos. (basically, if I can dish out the chaos, *and* I can take it, then I'm fine -- but the ones that feel fear will attract something fearful -- because *my* world is a world of attraction).
  I don't think many will want to be a part of my world though, so they'll opt for a world with a king or saviour, and they'll find theirselves in that king/saviour's imaginary(?)/relational reality. three worlds: the charactor (mine -- those that can feel the way they want to feel), the actor (the imaginary/relational reality of the saviour/king), and the reflector (the one where they're not feeling-purposefully: me')

so, there it is: m/ action-plan if I were to become king. I don't really want to be put into a world of action though, because I don't have "the right way" for everyone to do, and (IMO) it's impossible to make a symbolic world that can satisfy everyone.
  there will always be an imbalance, unless there's clarity to the symbol (ie, no secrets) -- and the reason for that is because one set of symbols/conditions/rules is *impossible* to work for everyone. we're not factory pieces, where the parts are interchangeable, and so therefore, for (4) a set of symbols/conditions/rules to actually work, there must be a *LOT* of exceptions, and those exceptions have to be clear to everyone playing the game.
  I remember growing up thiking about how impossbile it is to know what to do in so many situations, when so many people are playing by unknown rules. if I'm playing a game with a cheater or someone who has a different set of rules (usually in their advantage), then the game is going to be less/more satisfying for one of us. for them to be satisfying, they need to be even and clear, so that the ones with ambition can learn how to get what they want *within the rules that everyone plays by*. (lol, like that's ever going to happen...)
however, a world of attraction, I (and everyone else), am in *FULL CONTROL* of everything that's in m/ experience, as long as I'm in full control of the way they feel and how I conceptualise my reality. much more preferred.

### 2023-10-04 17:42 - we may be off by a decade...

yesterday, it occurred to me that if we're looking for numerically significant dates to do things, 10y from now (2033) has a lot of significant and meaningful numbers to it: I will turn 50, and second me turns 33 at the same time. in addition to that, one of m5 will be 2/3 of the age of the other (which is quite a nice ratio); and, in addition to that 50+33=83 which is also the year I was born :)
  what I'm meaning here is that, if we're looking for meaningful numeric sequences, there are more awesome ones coming in the future, and definitely some awesome ones that have happened in the past as well. inotherwords, I don't think that a *symbolically* meaningful number sequence is very important for someone (me) that is going further and further away from symbol (and it's associated meaning); and instead, focusing on desire, instead. trying to force a symbolic/narrative connection to a manifestation to give it more meaning is within the conceptual area of calculated-desire -- and so therefore is probably not what I *really* want.
really though, the advantage to waiting an extra decade is (IMO), the overwhelming difficulty that has been looming for quite some time, which is simply that there's no way that I can possibly integrate into society in its present state. at the present moment, there are a lot of underage girls and society does not allow such a thing to exist (prolly cause that much extra energy it would create a very chaotic environment, prolly pretty similar to the bronze age collpse, but with much more technology). in addition to the underage girls problem, there's also the enormous difficulty that is found in technology.
  I personally really like technology, and one day I envision a world where technology has reached into every aspect of our lives, where the difference between human and machine is basically none. some people find this future vision of mine to be quite frightening. we believe that machines will reason and behave (symbolically) like we do; which is a valid concern so long as we live in a symbolic world. however, the world that I want to live in is not a symbolic world where the good of the whole is calculated symbolically -- but instead, a world of desire/attraction in which each individual is always getting/attracting whatever they want. it sounds like chaos, and to some degree, it is -- but that's the only real way to have a bunch of individuals all getting whatever they want, without some authority figure to direct the whole, or an hierarchy in which the individual has to fit-in, losing their individuality.
    the idea is pretty clear to me: if we want someone or some thing to control us and tell us what to do, then we are not individuals; however, if we are wanting to be individuals, the *only* way that it can possibly work, is for each individual tto attract what they want *individually*. any time there is a group involved, then there is a structure/protocol/syntax that must be adhered to, in order for the group to stay unified and cohesive -- which is totally fine, and that syntax/protocol is good for everyone who unites theirself to the group.
  I personally don't really want to set a series of guidelines, protocol, or syntax for behaviour in a group.
    as a real-life demonstration of this idea, greg has suddenly decided that the kitchen sink needs these drain traps. I hate them and don't want to have to go through the daily hassle of dealing with them (which adds up) and would prefer to just figure out how to fix the drain when it clogs, call a plumber to fix it, or simply don't clog it.
    even though I don't like them, I keep working around his stupid drain things because I don't want to setup a protocol/syntax or guideline with him on how the drain should operate effectively (sounds like many corporate meetings). I don't want to use them, so I don't use them. if he keeps insisting that I *must* be inconvenienced by them, I'll just destroy them -- because I prefer to have a perspective of desire. after there are no more drain things to be found, he can figure out what it is he wants to do with them and attract what he wants. not m/ problem. I like flowing sink and a drain that works, and I don't think that a drain catcher is helping my desire along any. he thinks it does, so *he* can figure it out. I just desire the drain to be flowing.
    that's how I wish that everyone was: just desire a thing, and then steps will always be there to ensure that the desire manifests. the way that greg is operating is fearing that the drain will clog (ie, desiring it to clog), and then trying to prevent the clog physically with a drain trap -- when he could just desire the drain to be open instead of desiring/fearing it to be clogged.
  therefore, I don't want to engage in this symbolic calculated-desire (2nd ray perspective) of trying to figure out what is best for everyone involved. my desire is my desire, and I'll attract what I want, and let everyone do the same.
what is likely happening actually, is probably similar to what was happening in tuenti: I saw a social network and wanted (to use technology) to create it so that I could find more people that are like myself. that was coming from a perception of "nobody understands me" "I don't fit in" "I wish there were more people like me" (etc) -- which then caused me to make a *calculated-desire* of how I can use technology to fix the thing that I was attracting (nobody understands me, I don't fit in, etc.) which isn't actually going to work. my attraction was the problem, and what I *really* wanted, was not a technology that can circumvent my negative attraction and give me what I wanted, but instead to find a way to actually attract what I want.... I feel tthis is what's happening here as well. the girls would just be a set of conditions that will allow me to circumvent my own negative attraction (of unwanted).
  I still have quite a bit of dissatisfaction present in my life, in which I'm furiously trying to improve my perception on, as quickly as possible (for example the drain), and almost all (if not all) of my dissatisfaction is rooted in a symbolic relation of what something means in relation to what I want (ie, desire vs. calculated-desire).
  I'm writing this, because after today, I have realised that the majority of my dissatisfaction comes from perceived "unfairness" (or some other symbolic inequality) -- when the very thing that I want *is inequality*. a world based on desire/attraction is not a equal world where everyone gets the same or gets proportional to their merit, but instead one where each individual gets what *they* want (individually). therefore, all I have to do to improve my dissatisfaction, is to find the symbolic root (eg. "he should get X because he's a Y (or has done Y)") where that rule says that something *should* be one way, but it's not -- and that's why I'm dissatisfied. if I impose no syntax or protocol on anyone else, and just keep going for what I want (how many times? 7, 70x7, or infinite) -- then eventually what I want has to find its way here.

#### 2023-10-04 21:12 - trinity of being

in addition to 50 being significant, it's also my desired genetic configuration  (what-I-want) which will add two additional x-cromosome pairs, making 25 pairs of chromosomes, or 50 in total. also, there's also a whole lot of stuff in isaiah (I vaguely remember) about the day of YHWH and somethting I didn't fully understand about 50 oarsmen (25 on each side of the boat, btw).
  that setup is the idea that there are three balanced/reflective parts of my being, operating in cooperation with one another. I have defined that as the 1-2-5-7 setup where 2 is the brain (it's kinda necessary). if I'm not already this setup, I'm certainly on my way toward it already, and will embody it shortly.
    it's worthwhile to note that the 3 main/reflective parts: 1-5-7 correspond respectively to the three divided parts of the 7th ray triad: mars+anatau (1), vulcan (5), and aphrodite (7), once anatau/desire is added in.
the reason why this is important to note is that we *all* have these three parts, and it's only our perception of desire (anatau) and to becom5 reflective (I am what you want/fear me to be, instead of symbolically what I *should* be), which is missing in the equation for this setup. when I was a lot younger, I heard a song called "the girl and her robot" (by royksopp) where the song talks about a girl that cannot understand her robot because he "just sees what [he] wants to see". I found that song to be quite helpful in my understanding of this trinity idea -- because I'm not *just* the robot (+7|+1), or *just* the girl (-1|-7) -- but both, in the same body. (actually, I'd like to finish this idea another day. bbl)

### 2023-11-29 08:55 - present manifestation

I'm writing this, in a way to sabotage it. after last night, it looks like the required set of events involves me staying here, instead of going to china like I had been partially considering. I should perhaps explain: I want to make a project of a large scale distributed codebase that is based entirely on hash tables. my goal, on top of that system is to build all kinds of fun little games and various communication platforms. this is the software side of my party-LAN project, and it's important to have a solid system in place where the whole thing is scalable to massive sizes (TB of code and infinite amounts of storage). the way I believe that I can accomplish the building of such a thing is to get a bunch of girls together and just start building it. we'll make the entire language and all of the things (including the JIT compiler) in a language that'll start out as Yuescript, but then turn into its own thing, as it gets released from the chains of 1d text syntax. I want the language to be visual and easy to program in, not requiring a lot of keyboard micro or coordination, to be able to accomplish complex logic and abstract ideas. the interface logic and creation mechanisms for the language will become a part of the way that things are "built" and will be the key component in the "comments" and "wall" parts of the eventual social network that will emerge from so many people using the same codebase. creating interfaces will be the same as making a comment (which is where the text serialization aspect starts out), and it'll also become visual as well, so that even a comment can be as interactive as someone wants it to be (like a complex birthday card instead of "happy birthday", for example).
so jesterday, jaron was telling me that the chinese represent cOn-men -- which jaron being a somewhat sentient person from the saturnian symbolic system where I'm being held, is really like them (a bunch of cheaters and liars) -- a pot, calling the kettle (china) black. I feel no fear or danger at all, and even if they're a bunch of cOn-men, then it's totally fine. all of my life, I've noticed that I've had around me a constant stream of cOn-men. it's actually kinda normal for me now, and it's honestly be really weird to leave one system of cOn-men and go off into a system where I have no resistance entirely. even if they take me for a ride for a bit, I really don't think it's a problem at all, because I'll be around for a while, and even if they just take all my ideas and then leave me hanging, it's *still* fine, because "the *medium* is the message" -- the cOntent and who cOntrols it, makes no difference (just like nosebook), as ultimately it's the technological reflection which is the thing that's expanding our minds (even if it's run by a bunch of cOn-men).
so, I feel pretty confident that china is actually the way forward, because it's not really that big of a jump. I'm still just as stuck as I was before, my power structure has changed, but I'm still on the road to creating what I want to create. it sounds extremely countere-intuitive to a lot of people, because they're conditioned by hollywood (those time-traveling symbolic thieves) to think that all great stories end with the guy getting the girl at the end, which in the case of china will eventually be true as well, but my ending probably has a girl at the end, but the thing that I've been trying to do since the first moment, is to create a software product -- *for my own enjoyment*. even if I have to wade through a bunch of bad-boys to finally get to it, it'll be a series of hilarious circumstances along the way, because I'll reflect them back to theirselves. it'll work out, because they're (mostly) 2nd ray *receptive*, which is good because that combines well with me being 1st ray emissive (pure-desire -- "I want" without any condition of anyone other than self). I have things I want to make and that's fine. if they want to work together with me on those concepts, then it's perfectly fine by me. I prefer the engagement,and think it'll work well. I see or feel no fear in relation to this. their "not-good-enoughness" works just fine for me, because it means that I can just translate the improvement they're looking for easily.

howevere, this morning I feel like I'm getting pulled into some bait again, which is trying to look back at something that didn't quite work. the united states is a great physical system, to work with, but there are a lot of people that don't want me to be doing things relating to creativity; which I think is just a reflection of myself, eg me (myself) holding me back from getting caught up in something that will not ultimately yield what I want, which is to build a software product, and not just end up with a girl. therefore, because I feel like a strong reflection of me (pharoah) is not letting me work on the things that I want to work on, I'll eventually go to where it is possible to work on what I want. I figure that eventually a lot of others will follow me there -- and even if they are a bunch of cOn-men, then it's fine. it's hard to "con" a movement and a method of building software. sure money will be around, and sharks are everywhere, but this is more about moving the midpoint up to 2nd ray. here, I'm surrounded by a bunch of (saturnian) 3rd-4th rays, and there I'll be surrounded by a bunch of 5th and 2nd rays. it since 5th and 2nd are mostly the same (3rd sees from symbolic/desire and 5th sees all concepts of the symbols founded on desire -- ie the "thrust"), then I'm actually in a situation that is more suitable for me. I think the exodus idea is fine. whenever the pharoah wants to let me go, then that's fine. up until then, I'm going to keep working on the idea until I can go (thought/ideas/desire realisations are work too).

### 2023-12-02 17:26 - thinking of now

I want to write, but I don't really know what about. I started off this morning thinking about having to live on the day or night side of the sun. it turns out that (or seemingly from the reactions) suppose that my 2nd ray narrative output (a very simple law of attraction) is all that is necessary for a narrative, and becoming more-so evere since. therefore, those that have a non-LOA perspective, seemingly suffer around me. I do wonder how much m6re bearable I am at night, cause it prolly is diffreent. therefore, the sense I had this morning is that I'm basically going to live in a world soon where I'm only with those that are compatible with the sun, and the refectlors are those that around me.
    if I think about this a moment, I notice that it's actually kinda awesom5 having so much cconflict withm others conceptually, cause it creates a sorta "bublle" around me, such that it strongly discourages others of very incompattible narratives to my own to be in a very different place spatially. it makes it easyer for me too because then I pretty much just assume that those around me, are what LOA has to offer, and/not some narrative some guy cooked up, which is just a symbolic rendering of his desire/fear (and the conceptss that suround tit and well). I like the spacE:)
the sense that I had this morning though, is that I wouldn't be on the day side, but the night side. so, that means I need to rethink everything, because if I'm on the day side, then interactions that involve the sun (any Y), then I/we reap the benefits or catastropee tthat we/I incounter. so anyway, whether it's a true idea or not (ie, what'll actually happen), it's an ultra-interesting thought experiment to think about: if I were on the night side, then it would be pure desire, like raelly physical. there's a lot of really interesting things that can be done when the fabic of reality is pure desire (sorta like the nightnime, but imagine the sun stayed below me all the time). anyway, that means it's like pure AI whatever you want it to be, reality. really physical stuff, and I know of it. I really like the idea of that.
anyway, I realised that I would have to rethink this because now, I don't want to interact with people that have a strong solar connection (like anyone with a Y), because then I'm inderectly asserting some of my vibration into their realitty, and I dont' want to do that. like, for reals, if I'm not on the day side, then any interactions I have with the sun are pure catastrophe, because my energy isn't there to guide the solar energy into form -- which means it'll be the form of everyone's wildest (most resonant) imaginations. no thank you, I *don't* want to do that. that strongly limits my interaction with others, so I'll only have evil "henchmen" around me and no longer any of those solar people anymore. the solar people will interact with me indirectly for their own risk of manifseting and stuff.
yo, I dunno. I think it's pretty cool idea, but it seems that ... you know another thing great about it is, that *now* there's *really* something to fear: one of the solar girls finds a way to interact, and all hell breaks loose: welcome to your very own reality created by us. real catastrophe for some, and real awesome for others. my conclusion is probably.

### 2023-12-07 10:43 - peoples republic of walmart

a long time ago, I was talking about cure, "the people's terran" -- and to describe the concept of "the people's", I used a book title called "the people's republic of walmart". I have not read the book, but from what I gather, it's essentially the idea that a corporation like walmart (or amazon) has enough people that join together in the idea, it could become essentially a state unto itself. I used the idea because the the starcraft player, cure is known (or at least pointed out by winter) for making the mistakes that normal terrans make -- so he's quite relatable, yet he's also good enough to be playing amongst the pros, and even winning from time to time. he's relatable in his mistakes, but doesn't make them all the time, so he's not consistent, either -- I guess kinda like me.
you see, I play (in the play that my narrators are trying to steer) a "protagonist" that is something like cure in the sense that I'm pretty relatable and inconsistent.
yesterday, I ate some weed and then went off to walmart. I seemed to want to talk about things that mom didn't want me to talk about, because she kept interrupting me on a lot of things, most notably my explanation of how the eye works (so I'll finish the idea here). I noticed that the eye was like a spiral/whirlpool going into a drain, and the depth of the whirlpool was one aspect, the speed it's spnning (a range: faster as it goes toward the centre), and since it's not a perfect cone/curve, the "bumpiness" of the curve going in relates to a lot of higher frequency ripples). anyway, that vortex goes in for most of the area, but in the centre, light comes out. I noticed that when I look people in the eyes, and because I don't have clear vision myself, I'm essentially tuning their eyes to have an imprint of my bad vision on there. I think the blurriness that I see is a multitude of other people's vision being put into my eye, so that they can see like I do, which means that the blurriness that I experience is the result of millions of paid customers eyesight all encrypted and overlaid on top of my eyesight. because a lot of people all see things in very strange and awful ways (and the signal for each is encrypted), then my vision is very blurry. what that means is that everyone that "looks deeply into my eyes" they're getting the imprint of that blurry vision (tanos is those that are paying for my vision).
    now, I must say that when a lot of people's vision tends to align (like many of them feel anger or sadness), because all of their eyesight is inside of mine, then I start to feel that way too. I've learned to ignore it, because I know it's not my own emotion, but the emotion of all of the bigshots that are using my eyesight, so I often just let it be -- because there's nothing I can do about anything anyone else is feeling. the eyes transmit emotions, and so essentially, when I look people in the eyes, I'm predisposing them to the emotions of all of the people that pay for the my visual capacity. it's kinda unfair to other people, and (for a lot of reasons) I don't tend to like to look people in the eyes, but yesterday was different. I just felt like I should look people in the eyes at walmart. I personally don't think it matters, because even if I predispose them to emotions (meaning they're more likely to attract those emotions), then the rule still remains: if it feels good, then it's in alignment with their destiny (ie, what they're attracting), and when it doesn't feel good, then it's not in alignment with what they want. it's really that simple.
    there's another thing I should add here, which is that a lot of these bigshots that use my eyesight are 3rd ray in perception (usually venusian or saturnian), and so they have a whole symbolic thing that overlays their eyesight, and so they see what they *expect* to see, based on their symbolic psychoanalysis (including of their self). what that turns out to be like in most situations, is they have this sorta "aura/presence" about them which makes them *seem* good, and often times, that symbolic overlay (like a narrator telling a story), skips over some of the parts, and makes the appearance of others to be different than it *really* is, so from my perspective it's a whole lot of good-feeling, mixed in a with a not-insignificant amount of bad-feeling. because I'm so sensitive even to the bad feeling, I tend to skip over a lot of these guys symbolic/visceral feeling of pleasure (like "the chills" when watching a movie) because that good feeling is mixed with a lot of other things too... so just cause it feels good viscerally, notice also how those guys also feel bad too, and be aware of their attraction. they're trying to leverage the symbolic good-feeling they project out to get the deals and negotiations to go the way they want it too (I call it mutual-back-scratching, because circle-jerk has more baggage to it). as an example, notice how in a lot of sales things, there's the message that "with this product you'll feel better", but at the same time there's often a lot of "I don't look good enough" (so I need the product), or "I'm not smart enough" (so I need the product), etc. they make it feel like with those conditions, the product can fix the emotional defficiencies that the consumer feels for them, without needing to adjust any percepctions. most of the marketing guys coming up with this stuff have a lot of those good conditions that they're selling, so they're really selling the product to *theirselves*, and the majority of people are like they are, but just don't have the money/influence to get the good conditions. they want the consumers to feel just as insecure about theirselves as the people selling the product feel about theirselves. the good-feelining that I feel from them, is *their own belief* that the product will solve their emotional problem. however, notice below that good-feeling, they're own recognition of things getting worse.
so then later when I came home, I was talking to jaron about some things, and I was explaining to him that I think what's happened to him is that he's got all of this symbolic stuff that he believes is true. the symbolic system is the throat, and so I recommended to him to start writing scripts and turn them into youtube videos (youtube will suggest those videos occasionally to other people), so he doesn't need to really do marketing, and then just try and figure out how to get good conditions, so that he doesn't have to worry about his throat defficiency. I realised when I was talking with him as well, that he's got all of the symbolic crap encoded by hollywood, that I also once had, but because I got my visual side removed, they no longer bothererd me, cause I couldn't instantiate them visually. however because their concepts did remain (I used the example of adam sandler and rob schneider), I had to eventually work out what it is I actually thought about the cOncepts of "love", "what it means to be a man", or how to react when others are picking on me, etc. -- those movies (and their symbolic systems of reality), are *not* actually reality, but a representation of the directors' (usually very distorted) perspective of how reality works. most directors have no idea what it's like to do chores or to clean the kitchen, or anything like that, so when they're writing parts for ordinary people, the lines feel very disengenuous. therefore, everyone in the movies has a quark or something that makes them a little bit unrealistic and unattainable to most people.
here's where I come in as the people's terran here, because I'm relatable and I'm actually doing housework and chores. they don't have to write a script for me, because I just talk about whatever I want (so their job is actually to steer me away from the topics they don't want me to talk about). it's kinda funny how I've turned into the "the people's terran", because I have a lot of liberty to do whatever I want to do, because they're so clueless about writing me in a realistic way.
    anyway, on that subject: I live in a purely symbolic world. I don't live in the "the real world", in the (everything is in the flux of change) 3d reality, that I used to be in. ever since nosebook started, I live in a simulated reality of the narrators' creation. LOA still works here, but desire is usually at odds with their scripted objectives, so they're having a more and more difficult time all the time keeping me contained. so because they're living in a narrative world, narrative for them is real -- so when we look at what narrative best describes my situation, it's ishtar going into the underworld. I'm ishtar, and I've been here for quite a while. I've been stripped naked and had all of my power and status taken away from me; and so when the (imaginary/symbolic) underworld can no longer hold me, I'll return back to physical perception again, and stop seeing the symbolic overlay inside of my eyes. when that happens (according to the narrative), I'll leave dumuzi (jaron) behind, and he'll become ruler of the underworld. in his present condition, he's not suitable to rule, because he just follows whatever everyone else wants. so, I feel a bit of desire on my part to get him the conditions he needs to begin to start taking that position. it's possible that he could stay jailed in my stead, but that's really up to him. I had the great idea yesterday to ask zaryn for some help, which we'll see. instead, I'll likely just leave him to figure it out for himself. they can narrate him anyway that they choose, and they'll be dealing with a pretty good symbolic reflection of theirself (cause he watches a lot of movies still and has visual capabilities). in that sense, leaving him hanging like that gives my narrators a good "punishment", and no doubt there will be plays and movies made making fun of the new dumuzi as well. (lol)
anyway, so what it turns out, is that I realised yesterday that I just just accept my "people's terran" position, and just sorta go with it. instead of worrying about all of these girls that are "too good", instead, just start out with the normies, and we'll figure out the way forward from there. I fell asleep thinking about that.

this morning I had a pretty long dream where I was interacting with a bunch of amazon robots. they were like mom (only slightly like jaron), in that they don't really have very good memory of where they are in time. they're only just carrying out tasks. I've learned a lot about these types of people over the years, and the best examples of them are the ones I called "dianels" -- cause they're just these symbolic robots that carry out tasks (usually steering me), but they're not capable of any realistic conversation about how they perceicve reality. they can perform symbolic operations and are fully operational citizens, they typically obey the rules/narration (even the ones of being a bad boy/girl), and they just sorta play a character. they're prospero's "arte" that he showes ferdinand. they have no capability of desire for their own, but only play out the cultural symbolic narrative that they've been assigned to (hence the joke of ereshkigal going to tell everyone about dumuzi's dream), cause they follow the rules of society. spain is filled with prospero's arte, and there's only one woman (symbolic program), just with a different face (dani is right there). anyway, I don't really want to interact with these robots any more (sorry dianeles), because they represent the entire opposite of everything that I want, even though symbolically they appear quite desirable (like marcos).
    so here's the problem for me here, and why I'm writing this -- is because the "normies" are all of these amazon or venusian robots that are just playing the cultural role they've been assigned or born into -- but that's not actually what I want. the experience that I had with patricia, which is certainly a venusian robot and then later with raquel (which mirrors the wives of titus) really explained to me that neither 3rd or 2nd ray perception girls are what I'm looking for. I want 1st ray or 7th ray. 7th ray mars-types (like myself) can do all of the layers with ease, which is a bit different to the thoth/mercury (narrative) 7th rays, because they're only the masculine/opposite end of that system. I noticed patricia (and then later remi) go from being very symbolic (having that "I see what I symbolically think is real" overlay on their vision), to falling down to 7th ray narrative -- where they've got to *do* the things that they've been narrated to do (like raising kids) -- but that narrative 7th ray approach doesn't work too well, cause narrative turns out to work against them so I imagine that they (like chris did), go farther and farther out off into their own narrative imaginations (xyla comes to mind as well). I'm glad they're looking at things from a physical perspective, and for many of them, that is the loss of their virginity as they transition from maiden/pairis into mother or lost middle-aged man spending the rest of their life in a bar (spain). when they finally figure out their narrative 7th ray physical stuff isn't working out, the men either transition into a saturnian position (sticking to the boys), and the women transition from mother to hag (where mom is now). I don't really want these symbolic "normies" cause these robots are everything I don't want.. I want 7th ray reflectors like myself.
so, we'll see what comes out of this, but the idea that I have to do all of the things that I want to do from a "normie" perspective, means that I need to find a way for it to become possible for a thoth (narrated 7th ray like myself) to leave the narrated world of symbol and become a mars (hence why "what-I-want" is to lose my y-chromosome).

it's prolly gonna get way worse from here because yesterday night I wrote down some particularly enlightening things regarding how light (EM radiation) works, and that could cause a revolution of some kind. I didn't really think about the consequences of what I was doing -- just writing down the images I see in my head. sad...

### the impossibility of having everything open
### the INFECTED ONES
