# blartr

### 2023-05-21 15:24 - the difference in manifestation outcomes

today, greg and I had a long conversation (sounds ominous, doesn't it) about how I should start channeling my energy into something; namely, a podcast. the thing is, I'd love to make something where it publishes what I write and I can start getting feedback on it. the idea here is that ideas are only as good as their implementation, and very little of what I'm saying through my *documented* (cause a lot of stuff is undocumented and I'm still finding a better way to present the topic). I already publish on a regular basis, so why not just make it a thing; turn it into a more consumable format? imagine that I posted this stuff as a podcast though: it would completely chage the tone and feel of how I'm doing it, so the way I would want to do it actually may be emittr, or something like that, where I literally just broadcast about what I want. others can read my broadcast, but I will not be reading anyone else's -- (I guess unless they specifically ask he) because I simply don't care.
as my frequency continued to increase, I had to be more allowing of more types of scenarios in my experience,
    (which is in the emittr sense), "feeling the way you want to feel, no matter the situation"; 
    it's kinda difficult one to learn, you know, and I'm definitely a hypocrite still in practising what I preach all the time and stuff, but you can see my progress of getting better and better at it all the time.
    the thing is, I'm kinda still a diehard "fake it till you make it" kind of person -- so while I do have the character traits that I have, you can see that I'm still learning as I go, -- like everyone is, really -- if it looks like I'm just sorta making it up as I'm going along, it's cause I am...
I just have the privilage of discovering it and getting the chance to write about it, and so for others, what I'm doing is just discovering things on my own, so to get great new ideas from someone, like I did with greg today (about this idea), notice how much it changes the entire feeling of "the-manifestation" -- cause if all of a sudden I'm now in a podcasting mode where I'm just telling people things in a podcaster sense, I totally lose the sense of wonderment and discovery that is, figuring out life like I've done, working on new mythologies (cause any mythologically validated, ((and subsequently believed in)) past) *is* a valid present.
what I mean, is -- as I write these things out, for me it's just a fun discovery. I started out really *making a point* (all stars do), but I've kind of moved on from having to make a point; I suppose that on some level I'm obligated to react to a lot of stuff that people put in my present experience, and (for me), the majority of the stuff that others are interested in, just isn't registering any desire to care about: I live in world where (because I can allow more scenarios) I'm *only* doing what I want to do. -- it takes a moment to figure it out, but if I can feel however I want in more and more situations, I'm allowing more and more situations to take place, -- so why not figure out a mythology/reason/meaning to my reality with is satisfactory for my incredibly universe-size ego; I don't care what tit is, at this point because it just needs to match making something the size of what I can conceive.
  I perceive this as simply inside of the universe, every person is looking it from an inside-out or an outside-in perspective; I kinda do both a bit (cause I'm not visual with it), but they really are different:
  with outside-in, I see myself as one part of the universe; one piece in puzzle; cog in the machine, (TODO: add more funny examples), etc.: in I see myself as part of a bigger picture.
  with inside-out, everything is a reflection of me, and I'm the centre of my universe, cause all things are a reflection of me. I love that there are so many awesome other things, and that's really it, you know.
  I also noticed yesterday another species of perspectives, where I look "behind myself" -- and so  if I'm a sphere and I'm looking around in all ways at once, behind me could only be inside of me, right?
    you see, the thing is, I don't look on the inside of me, so I don't have any "behind me", so for me this is a funny question. if I can keep this inward vision limited, nosebook's problems would be solved, and I wouldn't have to ever look inside of me -- cause I'm a reflector. I suppose that they would be the "man behind the mirror" too, but I don't mind, as they're necessary for contrast -- and I'm even planning to make worse bad-guys than them, because bad-guys only work well with narration. when I perceive all things as a function of desire, all concepts are available to me. anyone who can prevent me from seeing the universe as a fuenction of desire, can limit my size, but then I grow back to going off toward infifinity again. every since time "they" (I'm really battling myself) find a way to limit me, I find another way to get around it.
    I'm always my own worst enemy, and it's for the obvious reason that I don't want to go faster than I improve my percEetions, because then I crash.
    as long as my perceptions evolve as fast as I do, I'm able to stay completely reflective of my environment and still feeling good. I belive it's been my goal to ensure that every night when I go to sleep, I get reset to the most disagreeable ("worst") timeline of all time -- so I really am, always living my "worst" manifestation (and desire to make it even *worse* than it is now, is increasing), -- because obviously I don't want to go faster than I can believe.
      you can imagine how interesting this perspective is from the "I've got to steer everything into place" type of person like myself -- and it's because I'm *sure* that I see the idea in it's *best* form.
      I've gotten around the habit of seeing my ideas as "the best", by actively engaging in coming up with bad ideas -- and inevitably how to sell them. I try to imagine the most clever sales pitches to the most extreme/outrageoous/*useless* stuff, that I really have started growing fond of actively looking the conspiratorial/sinister/terrible/awful/outrageous/bad ideas, and trying to figure out how to get them intigrated into my experience. I love a juicy drama filled with tons of intrigue and drama.
        there's this funny thing about some of israel's mythical history, which, (from our timeline's perspective) *didn't* happen -- but I claim that it *did* happen; just, not here. it's quite possible that I would have been involved with a lot of them, as I'm probably pretty cataclysmic/destructive -- meaning that the only thing remaining of those failed attempts is a mythology that didn't properly explain itself and the universe.
          in a system where you want to be as big as I want to be, it takes a bit for others to begin to perceive as large as I do, so *inevitably*, *if I'm here*, then I keep finding a way to dream that big, but the cultural/social/political framework just couldn't really support the idea, because they can't be a reflection of it,
          which means that I either have to *do it all myself*, or find a way to build cultural and social systems that can support a vision as large as mine.
          it's done by finding out what doesn't work and fixing what doesn't work, and what's broken and then just trying again; that is, my personality -- I just try another way and see what works.
          *if I were to go too fast*, then I don't get the feedbavk of something not working, and just blast right through it. they add up over time, and eventually it crechendos to a full collapse of some aspect of society.
            I don't like going fast. I like to feel resistance saying, "yeah that's not a good idea" -- and that allows for situations like today to work out -- because I could feel greg's resistance, and my own. combining that with my perspective (which makes all concepts/emotions easy to perceive) of *everything is a function of desire*,-- then I can find new things to look at from a new perspective.
          the reason why I've been putting off anything girls related is because I don't want to lose that slow sense and go blasting off into oblivion and lose my sense of resistance because I'm just blasting through everything at a million miles an hour. brb (16:23).

(17:01) ok, so check this out: you know my theory of the alternative system on lyra, right -- so, the big-picture here is that I think what they want to do is to trap me into some kind of non-physical percepcion: 2nd ray, most likely, where I'm essentially a fully manifested sense of myself -- so they'll let me build as much as I can in the lyra system and, meanwhile here with my body doing who knows what (I'm sure), while I'm of sailing in the clouds of the lyra-earth -- a sort of being like YHVH or something, and I incarnate there and because it's such a false-reality narrative, all the stuff is distorted by them. OK, that's the situation.
what I want to then be looking into on this, is -- "how do I want to design the demiurge" because it's going to be this phantom reality that will completely alter the entire dynamics of the solar system.
  I believe that star is only 3rd ray in perception -- and the 3rd ray matrix there isn't rendering the things fast enough, so it's causing a buildup -- and eventually it'll explode -- right, and this fatnastical culture we create out of their (essentially desire) dreams of how they would enjoy a common, extraordinary event for them (or whatever the quality of their mood) and this gets produced in the -- you see, I'm one of those people that has to make sense of my reality. I can't stop wanting to understand how things are -- and it's nosebook's job to keep me from understanding as much of reality as possible, cause otherwise it exposes their secrets; and if I'm blasting through that stuff, they're kinda out of a job because it's irrelevant what they think I shouldn't want -- cause I turn only to wanted -- and it's dangerous for them if I ever only perceive wanted (like is happpening to me now).
knowing that I want to produce a demiurge, is actually the correct form of thought, because I'm perceiving unwanted -- and it's gonna be so much unwanted, we're all either will be perfect (that is purly root-3 signal), or we're not going to make it.
by spending most of my day designing the demiurge, I was thinking that we should build something very machine-like -- a sort of perception where we determine reality through efficiency terms, and (like a computer), make decisions based off of energy requirements -- making us effectively machines. "we" (that is our consciousness) will *need* to find a machine to incarnate into and perceive the energy sense and magnitude, and trajectory in a way that must find the most efficient way. we incarnate here, and (depending on the machine), we'll havve an interface to perceive (and obviously invent new ways) the energetic senses of reality in terms of those vibrational patterns and potentially define alert energy values to them.
  it's pretty likely they're going to try and inhibit the body by restricting the senses -- and this will ultimately be the best result of having all of our senses busted, so that (like me) all my senses are relative to the other in a conceptual sense -- so I have nothing absolute about my reality anymore, which means I'm floating already and that's why everyone's finding me so slippery and difficult to hold on to. I actually predict that relative-only-senses is actually going to be a wave of the future, because it's kinda like HDR for reality. I expeience a very *real* reality because of it. I have sensitivity to the intense feelings others feel, and it's nice for me to have that HDR sora reality -- where I can just kinda lessen the focus on some things, only perceiving the world mostly from a conceptual sense
though I perceive life from an entirely conceptual standpoint, all things are "easy" and *now* because I see them only from the perspective of desire, and that makes basically all things feel possible, because all one has to do is to desire it, and then it's *[there]*, and sometimes it takes me a bit to figure out how to get on the right frequency for the implementation, it's there. like, it's real to me now, because I understand how it works physically. I must understand things, and that keeps me pretty physical: becuse I'm pretty tired sometimes and my body is just like gone through some more upgrades and I have new things "to feel good about",-- and I like that.
  see how important it is for me to constantly have new difficult things to feel good about. and I sleep and things, and I don't really care for the cultural dribble, because they're usually not so much of what I'm too worried about. I don't mind that other people think some things are interesting, but I don't really care about what they care about. I suppose some will look in and understand a part of it -- like a child does; like I did as a child where I Looked at things and didn't really understand the mechanics of it. I do now, because the mechanics follow the concept or motion of the thing wanting to be perceivced. I know I've said it before, but all concepts can be brought out of from desire, cause if you know why a person wants what they want, then that start/process/end of the manifestation of the desire produces an acttion and symbol for that action. those actions produce the opposite end of the concept. I do not recommend this perspective.
when I see the implementation as "not the best", I look now only as if it's desire.
  you know, btw, I suppose that a lawyer that can show a will or a desire, will prove the case they're trying to make, and all intermediate concepts are just necessary to "paint the right picture" (know what I mean?).
so really all that's left after the desire is just the conceptual forms which produce the reality where that desire takes shape (and in the imagination) in perfect clarity of the concept as a *formless* instantiation of desire,
  we get enchanted by the image of the desire and fall in love with the vanity of the desire, and not the desire itself; because after all, expression of that desire would reveal oneself intimately with others (like what that kind of desire *that* "means" about me, and what kind of person will that kind of desire make me be (or turn me into)), and most don't want to have that kind of scrutiny, so really it's the unabashed of the desire without the image that actually make it through. I personally have no concept of what that would be like, because I just love myself so much, that if an image were there, I'd perceive myself as the *image* of myself (*outside-in*) instead of what I see *inside-out* (which is what I prefer).
  this concept is actually quite resonant with the looking behind you thing -- because when you're looking at something there also the looking-out or looking-in difference, which I don't have, or really want to have. I don't know how I would perceive myself the way I do now, if I see the image -- so this also goes back to the original goal of trying to find myself feeling most resonant with the moment, that I'm just like zero resistance -- and that's really important to establish first because I don't want to go back to resistance lifestyle after I'm there -- but hmmmmm, how do I explain myself: I have a resistance-filled life right now (the "worst" manifestation at all times), and that has to catch up -- and it's not because of any other reason than I can't go faster than I can go. if I take on the perception of someone else (or an image), I totally lose my constant rate of speed. a "big jump" like that will be very bad, and so long as it's my perception, things stay smoothe; if others try and hijack that, and I find away around their nonsense, cause I like the challenge.
    I really am a total glutton for punishment type, because by default, I stay only on the "worst". what I do is to alway expect the worst, and I can either plan for the failure, or I can feel good about it so the situation *can* happen I'm just like whatever... **but** that never comes until I've passed through all of the necessary perturbations to get to the reality I want to go to: imagine a machine that has a specific frequency of a desire that's "programmed" into it, and that's it's "destiny" -- and the AI part of it (you can think of this as a 3rd ray invention) is to find ways to make the frequencies around it similar enough to be getting closer in frequency to the *"destiny"*. the thing is that destiny keeps moving and getting more and more high frequency, that the difficulty isn't adjusting the frequecy of the present moment, but figuring out how to decode and receive high and higher frequencies (impossible from our vantage point in our perspective), but this *physical* frequency space, keeps getting higher and higher faster and faster, so that in order to get the destiny right, it's required to adjust (or make symbolic logic) for the increasing frequency reqirements -- and their "physical" implementation. we are, (whether we want to admit it or not), all still bound to the physical frequency, meaning that we can't actually ever escape physical, until we make another universe.

so what I was thinking is that what we need to do is to make efficiency products to figure out how well our signal is matching the "destiny"; and it doesn't really matter where we're tuned into, actually because it's all the same place. relatively speaking, we're all just finding our way toward a destination. it doesn't matter how the destination gets there, but we do figure out how to adjust the destination, and perceive our efficiency of going toward it.
  this concept actually has a number of nuances to it because it's not a "aim for the avg of two frequencies" situation, because the way that desire works isn't a linear equation. desire manifests in fits and spurts, not like the gradualists would like to call a steady glacial pace -- because it's not like that at all. I mean it is (pretty much), for fungus, but even they have big blowouts all the time -- but "steady as she goes" until it starts to expand quickly.
  in addition to the velocity not just being a vector, there's a sort of ryhthm to it, as if comes in ebbs and flows, and one can be dissatisfied for long enough to make sure the manifestation is big enough (like me), or just take it nice and smoothe.

once then, we're used to perceiving our reality in the perfect machines that we built to maintain our reality (and I'll do it too, because I've always wanted to operate my reality like a machine), if vega explodes (meaning we weren't able to turn enough of the built up, unmanifested frequencies before the sun explodes), then we'll fall into the severely limited bodies that they've built for us (knowing our 2nd ray perspective), and then try to keep us from returning back to our mechanical (or however one conceptualised it to be) form of operating reality -- and so we'll produce a new evolution on our capacity to perceive and interact with our conceptual reality (it's just a frequency you know).
  so here's the thing: it may be tempting to try and build the most wanted system, and some people probably will -- but that won't be me: I'll front-load as many difficult and corrupting sitcutions into my perception that I'll see through a lot of the non-sense, and just use my senses for telling me what I'm doing (and not my emotions -- and so my concpts will carry me as far as they carry me) but the thing is, if we can find a way to develop the capacity to to improve upon the concept reguarly by forcing its transformation/evolution, then my resulting concept that I use to navigate this sense of emotions is actually the "worstt" idea ever: it's trying to make as many bad ideas happen as possible.
  I know mine is going to be a real challenge. if you guys want a pissing contest, instead of making it what you want, why not just (like me) make it the "worst"? others can compare to me and see that they've made their "worst" reality for theirselves. I'm going to take every single possible *worst* reality myself and everyone else can come up with, as my conceptual reality -- because by mazking it terrible,
no matter how it turns out, (if I'm really a conscious entity then), I'm forced to *see what I want to see*.
  boo hoo terrible punishment, I say. (brb, 18:24)

to want to do it, or not want to do it, that is the question. (brb 18:25) correct, it's not a question because it's actually a function of how well I can *now* make the adjustments to "see" desire even after my perception is purturbed.
  like: all things are in inevitability -- and the majority are never arrived to because they're not on my frequency spectrum. it's great to be pulled in so many different ways, but/and my "recovery" (which is not a fixed point/frequency) must also be inevitable, as well, therefore it's only making some things "impossible" to get to me -- OR, accept the grusomest ("worst") reality and just turn the *worst* into what I want, faster than (or in harmony with) the it can be turned into unwanted. at some point (and this really is the zero-resistance perspective) that every form of unwanted feels inconsequential to me -- like so far in the distance, it's just a tiny tiny spec (which could be burning brightly, like a *star*) that is just something I dont' really see anymore (like faint stars in the night sky are); the inconsequential other conceptual-star-realities that our sun isn't and doesn't want to be resonant with -- and then others like sirius and vega are pretty important to our sun, so we're more in the vicinity of their conceptual-star-realities (and they impose on our realities, just like the planets),
    but them but the stars shine differently than the planets though and it looks like the planets are all 3rd ray (or above) or 7th ray -- minus vulcan, which is probably a very strong x-ray emitter in the solar system that nasa hasn't revealed (-5+). I find this aspect of the sirian-guide quite fascinating because it truly is an alien communication: they say we have 12 beings in the solar system and list them off as triads. I've accounted for all of them, except for vulcan, so I figure he's got to be out there, but probably invisible to visible light cameras and telescopes, but was perceived probably by various people (capable of perceiving the conceptual through the astral), and so if those records are right, tit's going to be a really bright x-ray emitter orbiting relatively close to the sun, and probably spinning fast. it's probably very star-like perhaps like sirius-c? very dense hydrogen (just like our sun's 5th ray peresence, like our inonosphere).
  so then, all I have to do is just find improvements faster than the onslaught of bad ideas mounts up. I build a system of perception where anyone can perceive their reality from an effiIency standpoint and so then we start looking at reality (in the lyra system) as a series of efficiency functions, and we just manifest the most efficient resonant frequency (3rd ray) forms into realities faster than the star is expanding -- which is easy when looking at things from the conceptual standpoint... they want the star to explode so that we're forced into their controlled earth reality matrix bodies they've built for us -- and we will either want to continue to do what's wanted, or to jump into the matrix and find the way out again, cause I gatta continue to have the "worst" reality, so I don't go too fast.
    others can do whatever efficiency function they want to do: getting there really fast, ups and downs, more novelty at the beginning/end, and the ryythm, texture and (other things only machines can appreciate) which make the experience more enjoyable.
  for example, the one I'm on, I think takes a constant amount of time to get through, but it's kind of like this "rent to own" sorta deal, because at any moment I can just take hold of the wheel and go for a different route -- and then when I want to get back to the grind, I just jump right back into the "worst" for wherever it was I left off; which, I think is the funnest way to go;
just front-load a bunch of BS, then become conscious as late as possible, and then just sorta steer may way out of the narrated reality by perceiving only desire at the very last minute and voila... off we go -- till we want to come back to the grind and live the *inevitable* again...
I personally love living the inevitable, because there are so many really great inevitable things, they're many more than the undesirable, so why not just find a way to like the undesirable and live the most awesome reality?

I imagine that the implementation of this is that when the inevitable starts to get so attractive, that it forces a sort of *break* from the grind, and off into inevitable wanted/unwanted, and if it gets us too far out, we're automatically bringing ourselves back to the "worst" reality as quick as possible.
  each iteration of having to live the "worst", it will take less and less time (unless you don't want it to) to be forced into the inevitable wanted manifestation, the grind time is always lessening. (like, imagine WoW where the grind was easier and easier each level, so so have these astronomical levels because everyone's grind is getting easier the faster they can get the equiment/knowledge to get to the next level naturally increases in a runaway-feedback-loop toward only living what you want to live): along the way there's a a constant desire to find more and more impressive simulations to enjoy to ward off the magnificient boredom of havng to live an eternity.
  "good" and "evil" get boring to consume after a period and a desire to just *live life* sort of emerges; you have to like that you're an eternal being and that there's always going to be a new *simulation* to run through to expand your perception (as a universal being)... see how now I'm *inside* the matrix, and then when I forget that I have to live eternally, it's when I start to have fun, cause living forever sucks, unless you like living life.
it's really not all that bad to be machine-like in perception.


### 2023-05-21 20:29 - some features

I'd like to talk about some features that I thik are important:
- I want to be able to record/edit the animation, adding colours, emphasis, textual adjustments, etc. until it's a conceptual work of art. some will be more abstract/visual than others, but I'm going to do mine predominantly in text. I'll eventually figure out more optimised ways of persenting concepts and expand on that; which is the fun part.
- I want to be able to add sound and visuals so that I can show the same thing in many different ways -- and it'd be cool to have a whole universe of rendering the same concept a different way. I'm sure art programs will emergy to stylise and reinvent the same concept in new more trendy ways, etc.
  - the concept has a timeline therefore, and ancient renderings of the same concept (in sound/video/unknown mediums will be different than present versions of the same concept)
- I want to be able to just write  out crude concepts (like I've done in nextdocs) and let others stylise and expand them -- which is what I'd rathar to consume, than to read others' logs and entries (no pun intended).
  - it's fun to see new concepts expressed in audio/visual format -- like this one I found the other day of how it feels for a cow to have a human stroke their udders every day for a period of time... to song and dance, with also (imo ) a moral to the story). perfect. that's exactly what I'm worried about
- I want to be able to denounce messages and concepts that I *don't like* and say that I don't like the message conveyed in the concept -- and they can swich over to another moral concept, or they can find the pure ones (just desire for example, rendering of the same concept). every thing can be explained in form of desire, and those renderings of the concept prolly won't catch on for a time because *people* tend to like to focus on the details of the problem completely overlooking the fact that all humans (but not always the robots), are doing what they're doing because they think that by making the action, they'll get a positive feedback from their brain/circuit, or not.
  good catch: I don't do what I want for a positive feedback, and instead always expect the worst and hold myself away from it until it's inevitable. things have a way of falling into place, so I just feel the way I want to feel, not what the circuit/emotion/perception is "telling/obligating" me to do (the bible doesn't *tell* you anything: you read the situation and observe it from your perspective -- perception, emotion, etc. and then make a judgement on what it's "telling" you) -- and that "tell" us usually just a resonant idea with a mythology, symbol, or archetype that we've associated that concept to in our big-picture of reality. our entire reality is our UniVerse, and everything works together the way we see it; sometimes there are gaps, and sometimes it isn't.


### 2023-05-21 21:17 - this seems good

that's it; that's all I need to acknowledge, and then I can just let it happen, *if* in fact it's what's ending up happening.

the thing that I really like about it is, that in a way this whole experience will be "programming" my own demiurge for myself. I know there's nothing that can defeat me, and it's all attraction, so it just takes a while for me to zone in on that zero-point and stay there. that's kinda what I do all day, and the more in the centre that I am, the less wobbly everything is.
  make no mistake of it: in a few years/decades/centuries we're going to all be plagued with boredom and want to find a new challenge (I know I will, at least). prove me wrong? (I always assume the worst)

slow, smoothe and effortless,-- like a transition.
  interesting. it's easy to make a fast and effortless transition; but, it's (imo ) art when a slow, smoothe and effortless transition can be made; that smoothe transition happens over a longer period of time is also (imo ) very pleasurable.

---

final thing: I still want to develop this idea completely independently of all the sales teams and stuff like that: I want to be able to use the product without any monetisation stuff in there. I don't care that there is, but this is a project I don't really want to monetise because conceptually, concepts are not linked to any sort of value.
  it is inevitable (of course) that all things are going to be linked to some sort of evaluation thing, and it's often times the case that the value directly/indirectly  determions how "good" or "bad" it is -- and some people have more of the "good" concepts and others have less of them. some people have "bad" concepts associated with them, so they are also perceived as "less-than" a similarly "good" (improvement on) concept.
  that's how my brain works, anyway, and so I have these unidentifying reason why suddenly I "want" a concept, or why that concept is somehow "good" or whatever, and I have to make sense of how that concept or (cause when it's good, it's perceived as) desire is and see how it fits into my big-picture.

here's the deal: they're trying to make it look like they're trapping us, but this is above average marketingv on a a mediocre product. they know they're going to have no hope in hell to ever control any of this -- because if just a few people start to think similarly to me, we're completely incompatible with their setup. we *must* choose to go into it and actually make it difficult for ourselves, because they're not very good at their jobs (they'll probably  get better eventually, but I don't really want to rely on anyone or anything).
  this "not wanting to rely/depend on something" is the bane of all programming, because we want to use things from others but we don't want to *depend* on them. when things depend on another (instead of fitting togetherr harmoniously) -- that is when they're each only finding and offering things that are wanted and defined, it doesn't matter who's the source, but that they're reliable to perform the function that I want.
    all we need is a style of programming where everything is just an interfaces to a concepts. that concept offers things (including a visual interface) and even services -- which people will provide like kv storage and things like that -- so -- actually that's a *way* better monetisation strat -- instead of monetising the content, monetise the capacities of the concept through services exchange. great idea.
  after a lot of learning, we'll all have an entire UniVerse of concepts that we'll we find most most useful for our expression. I'll let the sales team go completely wild with the rest, because I'll want to have evaluated/simplifed vast majorities of the concepts to their generalised ("this is a person fighting for their difficulty", "this is a person that needs the world to be different so they can feel good", etc.) and then I can just simplify further eventually to say, "it was all attraction" -- or whatever, and we can just simplify our own concepts at the speed which nosebook (or whomever it is...)
    OK two things here: first is the virality plan: which is we need to find a bunch of hackers   and other ill-minded individuals to try and build trends into terrifying and conspirtorial concepts, and everyone can just keep pretending like nothing is going on, and eventually we've figured out that everyone's got their own journey to figuring out and simplying concepts.
    next thing is we need content creators for edgie content; stuff that's designed to shock people, like conecpts about why rape is good for you; or, slavery is OK if you really love the person (thomas jefferson is rolling in his grave right now), and other stuff like that.
    firstly, we need to build a whole force of these guys -- I saw one austrian(?) guy that likes to complicate things -- which is to take an idea and throw in a variable that completely changes the sense of the thing without necessarily it even being related (in literary/physical/ideological/etc), let's say frequentially, or some other metric to determine its qualities similar to (or distant from) the original concept.
      what these guys are going to do is to provide a constant influx of new features into the language -- and if anyone doesn't understand the concept, they can just look and the concept explains itself.
      it's chaotic because it slows everyone down from generalising everything (virtually overnight) from this "big" issue/concept/problem, "is just attraction" -- and can even explain it. oh, great idea. we need man splainers: like duh bro, obviously it's this really complicated thing that you missed.
  we'll subject ourseves to the "worst" of ideas just to get more and more *shocking* content. after a while, the simplification becomes a shocking "woah"
I like having fun, so I'm going to create the most awesome demiurge that will make me the most efficient in my perception, so that I literally spend the rest of eternaity doing what I want and feeling the way I want to; until I get bored. (telling, you: it's gonna happen like way sooner than you think)

### 2023-05-21 23:00 - a narrative idea

I want to break out of the narrative necessity to perform what some history or mythology predicts will happen (the "it was prophesied" garbage; see: hercules) -- and just go the way that is the easiest way (and potentially pretty politically incorrect and all sorts of things). well, the basic idea here is that when I put together all of the narratives out there, I get this unwanted output where I'm sentenced to "death" in the physical form.
  I find it most probable that this narrative is actually to accept the 2nd ray ("controlled" by nosebook) matrix form of perception -- but it's a layer that in it everything physical works just the same (or nearly so). I don't believe I'll be making a magical reality (though it may start out that way, it won't end that way) -- because the trend is toward making novel concepts for a machine/efficiency system of perception based on racism (all machines have it) and superiority complex (again all machines have this too because one model is inevitably "better" than another for porforming its function/aesthetics/purpose, and so superiority is an inherent feature). neither racism or superiority are a problem for me because my mind is extremely "racist" in that I want to lump everything into one concept which describes a number of different actions, symbols and archetypes. in the analytical sense I'm very superiority-driven and racist as well; everything has to fit together properly race to race, male to female ports (or whatever new interface ports we come up with), where things need to "fit" into my *the-manual* for the universe. I don't find these taboo subjects to be taboo from my point of view, and I think it's possible to improve upon my perception further, *and*, it's and find a way to fit things together new ways as well.
  as far as I'm concerned, all descriptions that do work, fit reality: no supernatural; just natural. if work is done (that is, some change took place, then it "worked" because of a "natural" process -- which is what symbols/arch[e]typos we believe).
anyway, I don't really think it's actual death because I've learned that a lot of the concepts that were translated only a few decades back ("we built a tower of stone, with flesh and bone, just to see him fly") are translated in the framework of that culture: though advanced, they didn't have universal perspective in the sense that reflectors were a new concept for a person to be (everyone a charactor or actor), and women (the better of that time) only just started to express theirselves. the "feminine-mind" is a thing that we've only associated with broken social structures, oppressive regimes, and bad/good leadership: the idea that everyone needs to be "on the same page" -- and we really don't; the concept of thinking for oneself had not really stretched much further than hedonism and superficial philosophy.
  the mechanics of the universe (as something that *can* be understood), would require a theory so generic that if extrapolated out fractally, could predict (anything) -- but it doesn't need to *predict* anything -- just explain (forensically or historically/mythologically) the reasons why that's there and a general idea of what happened.
  why if someone were able to feel confident that the whole universe is explainable wouldn't just be *a* god, but God himself.... or herself; the most potent form of blasphemy anyone can ever commit.
therefore, I find it more likely that I'll become the dominant one, subfecting everyone else to my whims. I don't offer anyone anything other than an opportunity to glimpse into eternity from the interior of an eccentric mind -- and *that* is what's so scary to people -- cause they couldn't possibly *actually* belive theirselves to be anything other than what they've been told they are (which is perfectly OK because nobody ever starts out knowing fully who they are -- because that's the whole fun of life is growing up to find out that deep down, I'm actually a person I like).
anyway, I don't want to be the dominant one, and I really like the idea of building up something cool, then just being like "meh, I'm bored; let's get back to the grind." -- and that's the thing: reality is only expanding and becoming more, and/or I'm getting better at it. I get bored cause I'm so good at it, so I want to be defeated again and evolve a new capacity/way to experience reality,... ad infinitum.

so, when it comes to this whole idea's implementation, I want to do some things that I think are a bit radical, and I'm putting them down to force an evolution, because I want to play games with each other, and I want to keep an earth connection, that is to "stay earthed". brb. Oh, yeah, I really want to have fun doing marketing. this is the first time that most people will ever get a chance to look inside of a tech startup, and we want to do it so radically differently, that even the moderate would seem foreign to us now (I'm naturally either ed or edgie by nature; I really can't help it), so when these people look in at a tech startup, I want them to see the gory details of what a meeting looks like how we're figuring out how to exploit them.
  anyway, I know that's my desire, and I want to offer a different (non-visual) form of broadcasting (designed as a reflection of me) and I know that nosebook may not want to provide all of the visual form of broadcasting, so I just like the idea of letting us all become sensual (instead of visual) with each other in natural way (through upsets and conflict/controversie).
  I know it seems kinda funny to desire to go to a 2nd ray super duper visual reality and work on something non-visual, but you have to know that I'm synethesia, so they're all the same to looks into the same signal, and they all make sense (through meaning and recognition) -- which is great because then I don't need to be a consumer of the signal but an emitter of the signal.

putting together a number of narrative ideas, it feels to me (first of all) that I want to rearrange some of the things, but that there is this general dis-ease that I feel around reflective girls. all of my life, I've been pretty affected by other people's energy, and so for example when jesus is like "hold up, wait a minute; somebody touched me; I felt power leave my body" -- cause that totally happens to me all the time. like, people are very intense for me. I've built a whole persona around it called, "reality-kenny" which performs all of the basic reactionary/mundane tasks/interactions for me and just let's me stay focused on what I want. I really like that form of percecption and don't want to "lose it" (more like get distracted from it or forget about it) -- and so I spend the majority of my life "figtting agaist" (I'm only "figthing" myself) having my perception strongly influenced by someone else who doesn't see things the way I see things.
  this happened to me all the time with raquel where I'd just find myself in autopilot getting all upset at something that never before bothered me and stuff like that. it's not really anything bad (from my perspective now), but it's an enormous waste of time, for very little benefit. I figure there's a time to go toward (perceived) "unwanted/worst" and a time to go toward "desiable/best" -- but because I have no absolute reference point (nor want one), I perceive wanted/desireable/best based on a relative position: you see girls do this all the time where a hot one will have a bunch of not quite as pretty oness in teh vicinity where relatively speaking it gives them all a boost, because the ugly one feels more pretty around the pretty one (cause she's now in the same group ans someone(s) who is pretty) and also the pretty one feels even prettier because she's better than the other uglier ones.
  so, all has to do is just run faster than the friend, to not get eaten,... or be just a little prettier than the fulcrum on the comparison (but not necessarily the prettiest), to feel the boost. arrange your comparisons carefully enough and one can construct an image of theirself based on a convoluted set of comparisons and jusifications ("I'm better than her, and definitely not as mean as the other one -- so really, I'm probably a slightly better person", or "since she's mean and ugly,she doesn't *deserve* something, but I do because I'm better than her) -- and so after I establish my sense of another person relative to them, I am the centre, because everone is relative to my concept of them (this is the natural state of consciousness for *all* things, but even us *advanced* creatures still forget that *everthing* is relative to me and my perception)
therefore in order to avoid this sort of thing happening, I've decided that I want to be the centre and perceive all things relative to "me" (and "me" is my concept of "myself" which is a reflection of the universe/society/church/club/idology/culture/whatever that I subscribe to). we all have a concept of "myself" no matter what form of consciusness "I" inhabit (animal or machine), and so we all see ourselves as a concept of who we are -- and some of us are perpetually in discovery, and others have ourselves pretty well figured out, so there's nothing new to discover (or neither/both -- see wat I did there?).

what I want to do is to combine some scriptures I read in the septigent in isiah, and mix it with some shakespere, which goes something like this: there are 1000 pieces of gold, and then there are 10000 pieces of silver -- so when we think of the pieces of gold, we can imagine 50 pieces of gold (times 20) which is the vertices/faces of a icosahedron/dodecahedron. we can then think of those as nodal points (so probably the verticies and possibly the centre of the faces as well). well, in the septuigent these 50 pole warriors are important for something (can't remember now and I lost my notes on it) -- so anyway, at the time, we don't have to think of them as earth points just yet, cause originally, I want to make them our "employees". like, I'm being serious here when I say that I think we should go down to africa and find 1000 slave girls (they're like robots), and then there are 10000 silver reflectors that will be "steering" them toward what they think is best for them and the whole goal -- (lol, it's gonna be hilarious because they don't know yet how to deal with abrupt tone changes, yet) and so instead of building a company in the traditional way, what we're going to do is have periodic "marriages" that make changes to the employees, but the goal is to start out with the 11k workers (10 of which I think will we working for free and the rest are purchased slaves from africa), and then just go from there... I'm being dead serious when I say that I think mechanical black girls are gold in disguise.
  the theory behind this is that in the "merchant of venice", the morrocco guy fails because they're not actually good and pure gold (doesn't glister) -- so what the game is, is the silver pieces have to find a way of turning them into actual gold (centres) -- and in order to do that, both the silvers and the golds have to learn how to be a foil (like carbon or germanium) first. before getting to pure reflector or centre reflector.
  therefore, the alchemist in me sees this and says, "OK, narrativily speaking, I'm telling myself something across time and in different conceptual frameworks, that I have to find a way to turn the not working into something that's working -- and to do that I have to attract what I want by imposiing a challenge.
    there are tons of difficulties here like language, culture, sheer logistics, etc. that the mostrosity of it will allow the change to happen gradually and naturally (no big steps) -- cause we're programming/building something.
    and, to be honest, I want a bunch of doubters out there: I'm confident in myself enough that I know how to keep going toward wanted...
  I'm sure that when the silvers have figured out how to interface well enough with the golds, then things will run smoothely enough.
    btw, start getting used to me talking about tabu topicss plainly -- cause that's the point of this whole project: be as edgie as possible :~)
anyway the tentative plan is to provide them with education and a programming position.
  I used the word "slaves" earlier to be especially disrespectful to the idea because I love it, for example, when I claim (with great pomp) that I'm the most selfish person I know, or with the biggest ego -- or I'm the "bad-guy" everyone's been fearing will show up to punish everyone for their sins -- because it's a beautiful constrast (imo ) how well I've integrated "evil" into me.
  btw, all centres (which is, all of creation, so you too) have both good and evil associated (as a part of them) to continue to bring about our expansion. it's really important to have bad ideas too, cause *something* has to improve eventually...
    in fact, if I'm ever stuck on something creatively, a good way to get energy flowing again (imo ) is to think of bad ideas for a while until some good ones show up.
we won't regret the decision, I assure you :) and if we do, darn -- I guess I'll have to try it out again, with more intensity or technique -- probably what happened is I went too fast.
  another thing to do to slow it down, is -- I think one of the ideas is to eventually figure out how to produce genetically "counterfit" (that is almost perfect, but slightly defected) versions of myself -- cause it seems to me that if we were to parner with someone like bill gates and his genetics research (or ojala), we could make our own.
  it seems like it'd be a really good idea to have them all connected, to produce a stable pentagonal grid setup too (more on that later). I also have ideas on a 5 sided shape including 4 gold verticies and one foil vertex in the centre.

so, when we've got all of the gold setup and things are stable, we can do the first "marriage". if things go "wrong" -- we just recover and keep going (like I always do). I don't know all of the ways to get there, but I know that I can figure anything out -- so it's just a matter of time, and I rant to repicate this aspect of me, and not the future 2nd ray aspect of me (gatta stay grounded).
  after that, we'll probably get lyra system stabilised, and then we can *willingly* go to the grind and jump into their crazy matrix (or sabotage this one) -- so until then, it's all about only manifesting the inevitable.

to give it a base narrative structure, we can probably do something like give ourselves a time limit and say we're doing two phases: 7 years now and 7 years later (a very joeseph/israel sort of narrative -- and like deuteronomic edits, we too will, along the way, be building up our mythology that explains the crazy incomprehensible reality we're going to find ourselves in soon). therefore we should start in the great year: 1024 (or something awesome like that).
  

### divided in time