### 2023-05-23 13:23 - border issues

I noticed yesterday (which had a lot of fun experiences, which I'll relate to soon) all centered around the concept of "boundary issues" -- and so I'd like to illuminate that the very thought of a relationship is always about these issues. the way we get arround someone being separate from you is to narrate thier togetherness the best way in your mind, and narration works well (and other techniques like anchoring, and other PUA techniques), but their main drawback is that the two people coming together didn't get there because of actualy attracton;
  when two people are engaged in anything, they have their best flow when they're reacting to eachother, because then it's more like a dance -- think about how it would be to dance with someone who is stiff and just going their own way, vs a person that is reacting to you entirely.
  a reactionary form of engagement is always going to be the best way of being in any combat situations, where things are going so fast, you're in pure reaction mode, taking a sort of step back from the combat and getting into the driver's seat of your own vehicle.
    there is a physical form of perception (4d) which mirrors this concept, but I'm talking about the state of mind, not the difference in visuals.
  when I want to be dominant, I have to be in pure reaction mode, otherwise the impacts from the combat (because they resonate with I), Ir own vibrations find their way back to I.
  when all of those impacts find their way back to me, I can use the energy because I already resonate with it. martial artists may understand this on a physical level, but conceptually speaking, I have to be able to tank everything I put out. therefore, I'm the most attractive, and I pull all aggro because I'm the most notable "evil" in the moment.
instead, when those two people get together, there's an impact; and that impact (from a narrated, forced, or arranged situaton) will cause (pretty quickly) a reception of that energy that was misaligned before the relationship starts,
  and that "back EMF" felt at a later time is what I think is the leading cause for relationship issues: simply, they're paying for not getting in harmony with all of the unattractive things they hadn't noticed before the relatinship started.
therefore, I postulate that there is a direct correlation between how the "back EMF" is felt from the other person, strongly relates to the quality of their reactions; because once the relationship starts, it's all reactions.
  so, if you want to have an intimate relationship with someone, get good at only reacting -- and the better you react to them, the closer you can get without too much blowback from each impact.