# dr-angela

### 2023-10-07 08:38 - inana thoughts

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/jzSvugffKMs?t=1347). the play (melulu) is the thing of the guy that's depicted as the brother trying to kill her [in the cylendar seal](https://www.britishmuseum.org/collection/object/W_1891-0509-2553). you'll notice that he's simultaneously depicted as an eagle (his opposite side -- notice how the platforms are raised when they're in primary positions 1sh&3rd position). if you count the ram that is below enki's feet, there's a 7th god in the seal there, and it's important to note that the lioness is *below* her feet, which is symbolic of sekhmet, her previously undivided/primal pre-fall/descent form. she replaces (by becaming the manifestation of) all of the rituals and incantations that thoth who is the guy with the lyre/bow. he's designed magical spells and incantations/sequences (later this turns into narrative/plays/alulus) that are designed to invoke ones' calculated desires into physical. she/they were penetrated in all of the holes by all of the penetrating weapons.
the meaning of the lioness being below her, is shown through the symbol of the tree (the crust where the earth's trees grow) which serves as the divider between inana of the top and harpy/arrow dude and soon to be inana of the earth. desire manifest: the great whore. she/they (earth) became the embodiment of everythhing everyone wanted (the swarm); physical desire/fear made manifest. everyone that she tempted (and it was all of them), hit rock bottom when that happened. strife, conflict, and chaos, where one side wants to go down, and another side wants to go up, and poor dumuzi is caught in the middle of all of the action while she's stirring up trouble down on earth.
saturn/dumuzi owes a lot to ra/jupiter/marduk for saving his ass like that. ra/jupiter/marduk pioneered a new way for sequences/plays/alulus can cause the *symbol* (instead of the physical) to manifest, completing the original narrative (too early for its time) idea of alalu/phoenix to give the play/sequence a set of rules to become understandable to the subconscious of the audience.
  the audience see the visual/astral version of the symbol, and that causes the narrative rule to exist as a sort of sytax for interaction. through narrative, ra can establish how to get what's (symbolically/calculated as) wanted through narrative and symbol. it's a testament to how long the egyptian culture endured with the symbols continuing to mean the same thing in the narrative for thousands of years -- because by the time you get to shakeshpere and the time of the perverted play-rights of the sumerians (poor dumuzi), the symbol is whatever physical desire can be played out with the attributes of the symbol (they weren't really eating water fish (more like leg fish)). jupiter/ra made a laughing stock (as zeus) along with dumuzi the fool. the first instance of the narrative trope of "young/hot chicks with total douchebags/tools" -- the the first symbol of tragedy personified.
