# dr-joanki

### 2023-10-07 10:04 - what I think

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/5YJgouMIvyA?t=1917) - I think she's not just some random goddess. my interprettation of the narrative is that the original betrayal in the narrative is alalu -- the creator of narrative, destroyed by him own technology. he got painted the bad-guy, cause dumuzi; who is only understandable when we separate the original goddess nin (receptive desire -- things were reverse back then) -- then -- about the time of the alalu/tiamat's crash and burn (ruler of the conceptual/junk DNA) nin/ana later separated into into an and ki (heaven and earth). this made a shell around the original earth, a dense layer in the spherical antenna which is the inside star: pure black desire slowed down to the speed of extrmely slow (zero in the mineral kingdom), allowing for a midpoint between an and ki. this crustal midpoint between the upper/inner star and the outer/below star is where she leaves dumuzi on the throne. dumuzi is the fool in ancient literature, and his worst fear is getting plowed like inana, because he's a reflection of her, if she's promiscuous (getting plowed), he can plow, but if its the other way, he's getting plowed. therfore saturn has to keep enkidu busy while gilgamesh/inana is off being a big douchbag/scene/scandal. mars/chad/inana (the physical embodiment of beauty), represent the receptive or desire aspect manifest into in physical form.
the reason why jesus had so many different narratives, is that mars/gilgamesh is the wayward sun (from earth's perspective), a reflection of desire in physical form. all girls and boys want to be with him, and he makes the chads look like posers. he is the icon of their time: the symbol and definition of masculinity, that enkidu is trying to emulate.
as such, if one has receptive masculine as played by the actors in the narratives/alulus, then why is the divine feminine necessary? the greek (with their portrayal of zeus) prove that the divine feminine isn't necessary, because they're traitors that will choose any physical pleasure they can get to feel better about their perceived emotional/visual tragedies/sin. the goddess (anki) awakens that carnal energy on all levels, including the astral, which means we manifest our imagination, as symbolic representations in reality, and it's through a practise of belief in sequence/syntax (originally chaldean romance and astrology) to manifest into physical, instead of the imagination directly.
the jews are different because they really don't think too highly of zeus, and I believe there was a bit of a rivalry between gods: YHWH and zeus/baal. seems to me like YHWH was a complete fabrication of the imagination by the jews -- a sort of "my dad can beat your dad up" (he's superior to your chief diety) rivalry going on (a measuring/pissing cOntest) -- and so the race was on to see who could both discover the most technology, physical land/possessions/women/livestock (both shepherds and farmers), and who could have the most influence. again dumuzi is caught in the middle here (poor fool), and is the constant laughing stock, and represents the most insecurity with the most power, allowing the two goddesses to be in power as the peak of feminine beauty (XX and XY), but also of masculine (both of XX and XY). their extremes being so awesome, means that when his worst fear comes true (ie when dumuzi becomes a reflection of divine feminine extremes), then he will be "resurrected" (the scene in "alls well that ends well" comes to mind) and return to have an inward upright position again. from planet-saturn's perspective, jews (that is inana replaced with receptive masculine) are the problem and what caused the downfall of the the original goddess tiamat (5th position), which jupiter/marduk destroyed, and spit out a replacement planet-venus/athena to comensate for the loss. she represents calculated/ideal symbols in action and manifest in the imagination through "motion". it's kinda the same, but sorta different. anyway. earth-saturn, planet-venus, and earth-venus (inana manifest into symbolic saturn/inana manifestations) have an interesting relationship with the earth-saturn's mars/anki manifestations. they're a reflection of each other (poor dumuzi/el) -- he's still recovering from being falling from his tower and being put on the throne in inana's place. they now share the time, taking turns being the bad-boy that planet-venus idealises. this results in a totally different narrative of jesus in the relationship between (dumuzi,mars,and inana) versus jesus vs (prometheus/alalu) and jupiter. both dying and rising but one is the establishment of a new earth-saturn (when he/inana descended to the underworld and made the outerworld the same as the inner world by dying the physical death and being reborn into a new dimension). each of these descents to the underworld are a picture of a reflection (in physical earth geography) of their arrival to these new "promised lands" of milk/mars/enkidu and honey/inana/enkidu (honey-traps).
the anunaki are the manifestations of fear made physical, the realm of earth-saturn/dumuzi, and he represents the collective fear (symbolised by [his dream](https://youtu.be/UB-GvWozzSk?t=1191)) made manifest from the perspective of the human: twice backwards (twisted), dumuzi/earth-saturn represents the shadow of our fearful past: that we were once created by these martian/gilgamesh beings, to be the play things of these gods with crazy apetities for physical pleasure. dumuzi is the bad-guy, while the goddess (anki) is in power.
