# dr-robyn

### 2023-10-10 00:30 - first message

hi, I thought to message you ever single myth-vision video that I saw, but I don't really know what I want to say. so, I'm just going to write. I'll start off with an explanation of my version of "history" (and how time works), and then follow it up with some thoughts on "who wrote the gospels".

I could never be a classical "historian" in the traditional sense, simply because I believe that every timeline which arrives to the present to be a valid one. most of "history" has been a fight over which narrative is the "right" one -- and anyone who doesn't believe the same way as we (some culture group with an origin story) do, should be exterminated, so that the whole entire planet can live in harmony, and believe the same thing. as such, we try to get everyone on earth "on the same page", and so the various narratives that exist are an effort to try and bring every human being on earth into the same global imagination of how the "past" was.
	to understand what I mean by this, let us imagine an imaginary or astral earth, which is not at all unlike how our own builds a world-view of something: a global concept of how everything fits together. multiple world-views exist on this planet, and there are as many of them as there are conscious human beings. we might imagine each one of these world-views as a sort of point (of light, like a star) in a sort of cloud: some world-views are closer to others than others -- and so you may have millions in the islam grouping, and a bunch in the big christian grouping, but upon looking closer, there are a number of different minor groupings as well corresponding to different denominations, orthodox, and minor sects, all the way down to small groupings of cults and things like that.
	each one of these world-views has a different version of how "history" is formed, with nobody having a complete picture of it all. some historians and academics align themselves more to one grouping of world-views than another, but it must be understood that all of these groups have massive "blind spots" where aspects have not been considered or cannot be known with our present level of technology
		which, I do believe that time machines do exist, however a time traveler can go to *any time* (even one that academics would call a ficticious one) -- as long as the tim5 corresponds with the rest of the beliefs in the travelers' world-views: so like gravity has to work, and the sun has to be there and, precipitation cycle is pretty much the same; all the important stuff. as such, time machines are not actually used to explore the "past" -- because *anything* is possible, but instead used to adjust our trajectory into the future (which is just a (symbolic) world-view grouping extrapolated into the future) -- because everyone experiencing that alternate past *believes* it, and so when they return to the "present" (they never left the present), they *believe* that to be the past, and so their world-view has been updated to reflect that, which then through intercourse of ideas, other world-views get updated as well. (I say "updated" but all of these points are in motion, again, a lot like stars)
  therefore, I'm not going to try and conclusively sell you or anyone else on any form of history (in science terms, I'm saying I don't offer a comprehensive 4d schema/trajectory; instead, I offer the 5d perspective).

now, when I suggest the ideas in the following bits about "who wrote the gospels", consider that I'm drawing a lot off of a [centre-place lecture of the same name](https://youtu.be/BT12rsfvnhI) which I watched last night, and today youtube suggested me to watch [your myth-vision video](https://youtu.be/uINo-f7xG9g) of the same title, as well about an hour ago. I also want to be clear that this idea came to me only last night after watching that video.
essentially the idea goes to me like this: mark sounds like a guy like me that's writing. I often times misquote things because I've stored the concept in my brain of what the text says in that section, and so when I retrieve it, I translate the concept back into english or spanish (are my only two options right now). I can also turn the idea into flow-charts and timelines too, so it doesn't have to only natural language as its output. I often times translate words and ideas into mental art and pictures (which I don't "see" with my eyes -- but they exist internally -- much like the world-views)
  in fact there's a lot of similarity between the world-views perspective to history and what I call "conceptual perception", as one of my concepts (which is all a world-view really is) can easily be compared with another concept, and bigger concepts -- and some more abstract, sorta like how I can "feel" (or things "sound") to me like a thing/narrative I heard somewhere else. I can compare my concepts/world-views to others concepts/world-views with ease (though none of them have names -- just feelings) and the result is a feeling (which I experience as a giant picture) of how the world works. in fact, I am doing that right this very moment while writing to you, as I look at the same thing/concept/world-view from a slightly different angle and write another sentence. I've learned enough knowledge and paid enough attention to how to formulate sentences, and each sentence formulation has a "feel" to it. some sentences feel or "sound" better than others. (shakespere is a study into how to make certain ideas "sound" really awesome, so he too has the ability to feel how a sentence "sounds" (not with ears)).
as I was watching the centre-place lecture the author of mark sounded vvery roman to me. in fact, he sounded to me like being specifically from the flavain dynasty. the idea that came to me is that this gospel was probably written in 69 as a sort of self-prophesying *proof* that such a thing would happen -- because it was either be someone that titus hired to write, or titus himself that wrote it. I believe the latter, and I'll take the next section to "prove" it before moving on to the other three.
  I must noww introduce the concept of the triad, and this is an extremely noticeable triad in most all of modern literatere. the three players are mars, vulcan, and venus/aphrodite. the woman is the most interesting, because she is earth; a shapeshifter taking on the form of (almost?) every human being on the planet. she is gaia, the shapeshifter, the puma, the black condor, owl, dove, venus, aphrodite,... I personally find her the most remarkable of them because of her role as ishtar/inana in the sumerian civilisation (who were mostly a bunch of vulcan/enkidu and mars types + (prostitutes?)). in the book of revelation, she's "the great whore", but she's the same inana that descends into the underworld.
    OK, I really need to pause a moment and go over some sumerian mythology: the first world-view -- until a bunch of try-hards tried to turn it into what they think it should be: us, the aryans :) well, OK, I'm trying to be too salacious here...
    inana/aphrodite is who I will call earth which I'll call "7th ray or physical perception"; and that's where the star on the inside of the earth's spherical resonator slows down pretty rapidly (our atmosphere is only a few hundred km tall) to zero, and then inverts itself (very much like the skull of the head -- notice the iconography). there is an inner earth just like there is an inner skull, where our imagination resides (where these world-views/concepts get manifest into visual/imaginary/astral). the planet is the same, also having an outer-skull area where everything else *outside* of "self" is *percieved*, and all of the inner-skull stuff is *real* (or is it the other way around?).
    mars is the masculine version of that. our bodies are receptive beings: we receive all sorts of signals which then a bunch gets filtered out and transformed into a physical/visceral (happening in the body) sensation. mars has a narrative big-picture of how all of those signals/symbols fit together; an internal world-view. I equate the this narrative structure to the Y chromosome.
    vulcan well, remember how our bodies are receptive beings? each of those receptions have a mental representation as well as physical; so, just as each neuron has a whatever vultage in relation to another, so too do these relations exist with the world-view of the person on the mental plane (the one that astral/imaginary is made of). so he's exactly like mars in that he has a symbolic representation of something encoded within a matrix of relations between concepts/ideas/world-views. I also equate him with the Y chromosome.
    those three characters (mars|aphrodite|vulcan) exist in essentially every mythology available to us in cOncept.
    for the sumerians, this was gilgamesh (mars), enkidu (vulcan), the prostitute (brb 03:12)

    (if I may interject a moment here a brief commentary on what it's like publishing my thoughts so regularly: every publish causes a complete abortion of the idea/concept for me, and when I go back to the idea I once had (before publish) is actually gone; I can't access it anymore. it's changed so much that it's unrecognisable to me; but then, I just learn a new way to see the idea before I published it. for most people, the abortion of an idea like that is often devastating, and for mee it was a lot as well. I eventually got pretty good at finding the new concept, because it's pretty easy: the better version of the concept feels better than the previous one. I sort of do all of this on purpose, because it shows that my concepts are constantly updating, even if the text on it dates itself pretty quickly. what I then do, is I simply repeat/relate the same concepts in newer more complex ways all of the time. the mental expansion that I receive from doing it is insane. many podcasters and the like know that mental expansxionn happens prretty rapidly, once I start telling my thoughts out loud (or trying to render them as best/clear as possible), what ends up happening is that because I'm constantly updating the text of the concept, to kind of render the concept in a more expansive way)
    (if I may continue, as we'll soon see, further down in the thesis, I need to find a technology or some capacity to allow others to esssentially "undo" my teachings on the idea, and learn it their own way. this is essentially the technology that is desired, which is that for novelty to turn into diversity (until more novelty is desired). I'll explain more later -- however what's (I think is) really happening here is that my conceptual world is growing at a magnificent rate, and more and more things will depend on me, and treat me like they treat earth: exploit my body. it's normal right? for me it is, and so that kinda makes me the universe (ie, soemone who lives forever, because of such monumental desire for my existence for longer than a single lifetime can imagine: the product of a corporation -- something that lives for a long time, and strongly depends on me). you know, as I was thinking earlier, one of the cool things I'd like to do is to make it possible for everyone to be able to (once/as we all become weightless) reduce different conceptual resistances (conceptual changes to their form), so for example they could "upgrade" their patience to a higher level (the details are kinda gorey, which is that I don't know technolgically how anyone could do it the "easy" way, but I'm sure some will figure it out -- I just make a desire which is like a really complex high-frequency vibration -- I dunno, with how I feel or perhaps "know" it could feel (like) -- and anyway that complex wave attracts the desired signal -- so my rememberance/memory of that desire is always in the old (recognised) form, so I just have to find the better feeling concept/recognition of the old form --- so I go bouncing higher and higher all the time, cause I like to :) and it's fun.) anyway, where was I? OH YES)

  before I continue, I just want to say that this is *my* (very not final version) of sumerian mythology, from which I've based this "understanding" that I have of it. I don't really have any thing to say what I've got is the *final* answer in any way. what I have is a working intuition of how things are. the main property of 3d earth, is that everything is constantly in a flux of change. I model my work on that concept, that everything I write, and I'd admit that it's going per- word/concept where it suddenly gets "outdated" on me. often times as a pastime, I go in to check in on some of these concepts, after they've been reacted to; because, here's the deal: I think I have the best most comprehensive world-view out there at the moment, but there's no stopping anyone else from having the same realisation. that's the moment of enlightenment: it's OK to be different/better/awesomemore than evveryone else. + want to display that it's possible to manipulate the conceptual world with one's perception of an idea. the perception is really a 2nd ray (relational) thing that exists not only in the conceptual, but also in the physical brain. the combination of these two signals is very high frequency, so it's basically invisible. I'm fairly certain that I get mine hijacked all the time, and I don't know if it's my own code/cconcepts that are making these things appear or not (I'm a pretty creative person) so it's likely my (I would suppose) own doing. nevermind that. the result is I'm constantling having to find a higher and higher frequency (ie, lower and lower resistance) which is the definition of desire pretty much; that attribute alone, convinces me that I/kenny have lowered my resistance to enough concepts that I've become quite flexible in space and time. everyone can do it. I claim that we all have the earth in us, and we're literally the only ones that are holding us back from that spanning space and perception because of our own resistance: I have to be this to this person; that to another person; this way at church, and that way at school. (sorry to get preachy. I think I was channeling you a bit there. anyway) and so what we end up here is everyone fitting into that conceptual percception through symbol and myth. symbol and myth are all the building blocks that one needs to create an artificial reality. each of these symbolic structures eventually breaks because it's no longer useful -- or rather I should say no longer desired. desire is constantly going higher and higher frequency, and so it's never able to stop. the only place that desire can manifest is into a fully *3d* body. not 4d or 5d or 11d or whatever: the bare minimums, and one of the things I want to do is to make a matte black version of ourselves, but because concept is a frequency, carbon (the stuff our body is made out of) can illuminate and swirl around, all with the power of what I call "conceptual programs". I have a lot of them, and a lot are available, and a lot are a secret (that not even I know about), but that doesn't matter, because I can only access the highest frequency ones (ie, desire -- which is a physical concept), so really only 3d (which is constantly changing), is a perfectly suitable place for something like desire. anyone who wants to follow me on that one, go for it (just desire it), right -- but I want to say it's kind of annoying constantly having to rediscover concepts all the time. it results in kinda bad memory (if the memory didn''t feel good) and a sort of forgetfulness/loftiness that will make you a little more childlike. it's really terrible, let me tell you. but anyway... that's the message. the medium is the message, but so is that one, from a higher perspective: don't desire the medium to give you what you want, instead I just desire that my own concepts are constantly outdated. they continue to update at like a really rapid rate, because I destroy even my best ideas intentionally. I hold on to no idea as something only I can experience; which is essentially what universal-perception is really all about. ... wow, that went a little too much salesman on that one; that's the problem with the medium: it informs the message/world-view. I sincerely hope that my unfortunate accident of selling an idea such as desire will be revered as anything but deplorable. I really do wish to provide a way for anyone to learn it for theirselves. (see what I mean? desire.)
  long intro. what the hell was I talking about? lol. right, the sumerians. this one gets nuts, so brace yourself.
  The sumerians talk about this past/future time of this world where it was organised differently where thoth is in 1st position (so he takes over for me) and then a weird set of 6 other beings following him, oops. I wrote it backwards; thoth is in 7th position when saturn-the-planet was in power. it talks about time when inana (in 1st position) was on top, but then she descended into the nether world right, and the planets are all way different than they are now, because jupiter destroyed the 5th planet, tiamtat right -- and so when that happened, planets past mars all fell down a slot energetically (they're probably in a more constrained position now, actually) and that caused thoth/mercury/paris to be thrown out of 3d: the fall of troy. now inana runs the show, and the whole planet is now "infested" with her genetics. she's queen of desire, and also every woman, and man but the difference is that men have a narative component to our genetics that describes what's wanted in symbolic form. I believe there's a replica copy of it inside of our brains, much like the one in middle of the solar system: issis. anyway that symbolic representation of desire is our primary source of attraction, until desire/attraction is experienced directly, which happens because both are working simultaneously (the symbolic and the desire; it's a medium I call relational, and the less symbolic representation they have, the more conceptual it is. the symbolic/narrative is the veil that one has to pierce through to be able to see the concept for what it *really* is: pure-desire.). anyway, that's earth, and we're all a part of it. it's an organism that lives forever. like all other planets (though they hide it with a shell) and stars out there, all live forever. science (thinking that stars are only finite), I must say is a direct reflection of our inability to be able to conceptualise something that can live *forever*.
  it's a crazy thing, but essentially what happens is that earth basically takes over, and so now a constantly growing number of things are becoming relative to the earth in more ways than just position (which is just a small part of the spectrum), and so that's when even the sun bows to inana/earth and everything now revolves around this ultra self-serving woman. the people around her perceived her, and she grew into bigger and bigger form until she caused an inversion, where the inside became so loud inside of itself, it popped (like ann egg) and the inside became the outside. we live on top of the centre of the universe -- and so what I believe is that myth is talking about how we/different people eventually perecieved someone that thinks they're the centre of the universe. total societal collapse. enter the aryans red (btw the sumerians were the aryans black, like hitler) and now we're all (or at least should be by now) children of desire, which means that we are also connected to that constantly increasing signal called desire. it causes all things to grow (and our resistance/dependence causes it to slow/stop) and it's in all things. it's that life essence, and I'd kinda like to imagine that the furthest we've gone down the rabbit hole is into what I'm calling the conceptual. it's fully possible to build a new interpretter for higher and higher frequencies. we are receptive beings, so why now just add on more wavelengths? why not cusxtomise it.
    it's a really tragic story though for any stone age culture, because they didn't notice anything different, but eventually desire is making those cultrus ssystems more and more obsolete to keep up with the new harmonics, and it turned into complete outrage and awfulness if that's what one was experincing, or the manifestation/realisation of one's greatestt/desire *or fear* (and usually both in the same body). all things collapsed because we essentially lived on the inside of the earth/egg and that is like the imagination. that imagination travels toward the inner sun, which means that originally we were built all as a reflection of the universe, and then when inana descended, then she essentially kicked thoth out of physical and became the new 3d. we essentially fell out of our symbolic inner-skull imagination and into the harsh 3d outer-skull reality that we're all "cast out" of the inner earth's glorious realms.
      the way that I imagine tmat it would be is after passing the inverse, from then on, you're going into more and more dense plasma as one approachs the inner core, which is basically like super duper ultra dense hydrogen. the blackest of black. however, we humans don't see the hydrogen, instead we see the imagination of that "time" (world-view). I don't have a pinecone, so I see 3d reality. that was necessary to get me into this weightless state of desire. I believe it's going to be possible to be impure-desire (that is, contaminated by the imagination), and we'll call those ones insects. I perfer however to be a plant. I don't care for the pinecone, and prefer to see things the way I want to see them (like a plant). I'm just another antennae/hair/plant on the surface of the earth, just like most everyone else. I probably live in the inner world of the earth, where there's a pretty good simulation of what's going on the surface. anyway, what I think is happening is that we're going to eventually POP, and the sides will flip. you all will enter into the underworld (where I'm at now), and I'll go into the outer. the universe is ours/mine for the taking. some people will interpret that all sorts of different ways and do all sorts of things, but I don't care, cause I'll prolly chill on earth for the rest of my life. there's so much crazy cool stuff here that it's not really much necessary (yet) for me to want to see other places yet (like who knows -- maybe a trip to mars for a day would be fun -- cause it prolly looks a whole lot like pueblo co (where I live on "earth")). anyway, I have no idea where I live, as that seems to be quite the coverup in my day and age, but I don't really have so much worry, because desire is always finding an improvement. only something like desire could live forever, until of course she gets bored and wants to do something else, duh. [break time, brb]

### 2023-10-10 16:21 - the second

hi robyn,
I thoroughly enjoyed writing parts of the last letter (some more than others). I do have to admit that it was a dramatic failure, as I'm sure this one, will be as well. that aside, I want to talk about some of the characters in an abstract form.
  mars exists because vulcan wants him to be there; he's a product of desire, and so therefore he can be seen as the masculine form of anatau (anu) in human flesh. he existed back in the time of the sumerians, and since then as well.
  the way the human body is formed (out of physical matter), we have a sort of "hardware" (physical) brain and a "software" (conceptual) brain. both exist simultanously, and though the hardware version can be boosted/diminished in its operation, the fact remains: adam/mars is only as good as the hardware brain allows him to be. it's a limiting form to remain in physical, because without it, the brain would be the size of the universe. so, to ensure it's only a discreet part of the universal mind in one physical brain place, then we have the soft-soft-ware (some of you know what I'm talking about) which is all of the symbolic ideas that our society is built up upon.
    you know there's this really hilarious play about it, where dumuzi is telling his wife this extremely symbolically graphic dream he had about losing his penis and dying. so his wife, ereshkigal is so well versed in all of the proper syntax of behaviour established in the culture, she says, "OH NO, I'll go and tell everyone that you're going to lose your penis and die, and so anticipating his imenent death, she goes to mourn for him (cause that's what you're supposed to do). for her, it's very logical.
    however, for dumuzi, the symbolic aspect of the dream are terribly ominious (that's a mouthful). he's really quite upset, especially because when he asked her what she thought of it, she made it WAY WORSE (lol). anyway, so this is the guy and gal that have been put in charge of the earth. they're like tweedle-dee and tweedle-dumm, because they are only apable of seeing the symbolic aspect of reality, and so venus/ereshkigal (-3) can only see the pure symbolic system of how humans are supposed to interact. this kind of stuff was programmed by thoth into our DNA/ME originally on, and it served (before the invention of the X) as the original way for physical beings to interact. before we were conscious, we were like robots or insects, just kinda battling it oout and doing our own thing. different species were more successful than others, and what we know as human now came about as a series of long evolutions (if you believe in the glacial theory, but I'm more of a stoned ape/enkidu thinker myself, because I'm very clearly an enkidu in my own narrative). anyway, the symbolic way we encounter reality is entirely neutral, and so the pure-symbolic way is like ereshkigal. she's completely naive to the different symbols that the enkidu have put around these symbols appearing in his dream and so she's clueless. in this play, she represents tthe maiden. in other plays, she's the mother (and all the problems of being a naive mother), and she's the hag. this is the part of her life that dumuzi really fears the most, but it's all his own doing, and so she just sorta helps him along to get the things he wants (and also doesn't want).
      their interaction was hilarious to the sumerians, and they made a lot of different plays about them. there were other triads as well, including the moon which I haven't figured out yet, (though I got the book you recommended about the moon) -- I'd like to tell you what seems pretty obvious to me: it serves as the down transformer of solar energy into astral components, the midpoint (spectral), is where earth is inverting in it's shell (middle-earth?). so essentially it regulates everything down all the way to physical earth: air. which is pretty strongly tied to water (and how it flows). the egyptians knew about this, and used it to create magnificient things. water though would be the lower end of the spectrum though, because it gets to very very tiny vibrations at some point. I think the sumerians may have also known something like this as well, but I think the shrouded the whole thing in a big semen joke, only to hide the true quality of knowing how water flows, can create a new mental reality of any design. they created and narrated a lot of things, and so they just had all the mars they needed, and prostitutes of any kind they wanted; a veritable paradise (a walled garden of their own creation).
        you ever notice how you've sorta writtin yourself into a corner, there's this problem because eventually the thing that you're writing, shows up and starts to take on reality? well, I don't want to do that just yet, but eventually it becomes inevitable, and so essentially I want to keep writing, and keep writing because I want to keep getting better understanding and lower resistance, cause it's like not really all that hard, and there's basically infinity to do it in, so who cares what ends up happening, just let the narrative play out, right -- so it's kinda my idea to just let everyone else just start writing their own narrative, and then we'll all go into thoths' new matrix where they'll take over 1st position. we'll learn and grow and discover within the parameters that we're given. they'll rule us from the "inner" earth, where they're all living the reality that they want/imagine/desire/fear it to be, and that'll have an effect on us, for sure -- in fact the whole entire universe will eventually have an effect on us, but that's the fun of it.
        we'll essentially get the command from "God" (saturn/dumuzi) telling us we're ready to go "conquer" the great universe. we'll probably have to start with our galaxy at first, but me personally, I'll probably just chill out here, where reality happens nicely. we'll be like the israelites, but for the whole universe. go and conquer it all; and they will, I'm sure.
        what I'm saying in all of this, is that eventually even the most grotesque/grizzly narratives that can be thought up, have a sort wanted/positive side to them that's actually pretty cool, and so all that needs to be done when in this situation is just hang on and know that eventually it happens, but not until ...
          I like to think of this idea sexually. if I'm ready to go, then I know that desire can always carry me to the end, and she'll actually be the first to go, triggering/attracting me to join her.
          so, when applying this idea to narrative, no matter how many narratives pass by, there will always be a better one, and so it's fun to just keep getting a better narrative reality. that's the 2nd ray perspective, which is the same as the sun. she/issis loves technology, and and that's what we use to continually write better narratives. technology makes new ways possible to tell a new narrative, and she loves that. I perceive from earth's perspective though, which is monopolar (just me), so a narrative is essentially impossible for me to do. I can do it in my brain (which is, (like the sun) a 2nd ray device), and so I can construct narratives in my brain and work out symbolic stuff from the perspective of pure-desire (what I'm doing now), but what I'm still only capable of being the a lens into the collective total of all human desire through a fairly non-resistant (brain) perception. I've made a lot of decisions about how to symbolically react in certain situations, so in that way I'm a solar robot -- a mix of the earth (7) and the star (2,1) in symbolic body, which is only capable of seeing through the brains' symbolic lens mixed with my understanding of pure-desire (in symbolic form).
          the way that these ideas "battle" each other during sex is always a destructive thing, because it creates an awful lot of vibrational collisions, which is just more desire. so what is actually desired is that the ideas take a time to get ready (not unlike waiting for marriage), until the opposite pairs are harmonious to each other, so that the result is harmonious. I don't want that, or the alternative either which is making a bunch of (out of control unwanted/wanted) desire without any intention. it makes a big mess from my experience,  so my prefererred method is neither of those two, but to instead create (?) stability out of instablity, and create (?) stability out of diversity. this instead will allow all sorts of expansion of the human mind, and it'll probably all happen in a matrix as well, that way we can leave dumuzi in charge.
          for the sumerians, the myth happening in the past or the future was irrelevant, so everyone in 3d, prepare to meet your wildest fantasy/feared reality come to pass (some of them will control us as well), and I/we will go outward. so to prevent us from (really) going/looking outward (there are always these consttraints on me), we'll get put into a matrix (if not already, soon) so that they can run the physical world where all of our celestial bodies reside (upon which I'm sure many species will be put: reflections of them, and they'll intermingle and stuff -- with this BS (star-wars-like) technology, that doesn't actually do anything universally devastating), and many people will take on many forms. it'll be really cool, but for me, they prolly want to put me into a matrix. I don't really mind, as it's not that big of a deal for me (I'm already in how many? -- and you know why there are no "aliens" here? they don't need to be. they're here already looking through or joining us). so anyway, there's no need to worry about anything, because even if they really blow it, then it's no big deal. they have the tech to be able to get me into another body, so I'm sure they'll be fine. something goes wrong, just call the guy. no big deal.
(corner-writing)
      let's start again at the sumerians living in a veritable paradise where they've got all the mars/gilgamesh that they can handle, so in one of the plays, it was decided that mars would choose to be a real asshole, and be like the village jerk, going around taking all of the virgin girls virginity and just establishing himself as a sort of figure for masculinity. it was a tragedy I figure, because mars wasn't like that at first. he would have always been (in their society) the reflection of vulcans' desire. mars (as an individual) has to continue to strive to be what the vulcans (male or female) want them to be like. a lot of mothers are vulcans as well, and so they grow their kid up to be the narrative idea of what they think they want, without really even realising it. the problem is, that the tragedy here is that gilgamesh's mother wants a real hotshot/hotspur, a guy with an action plan, top amongst the ladies and best guy ever. reality is, though, she'll never get what she wants for her boy though because he grows up in society, and that society is usually pretty sexist, and relies a lot on conquering, conquest, and competition to be the more identifying masculine traits. anu is nothing like mars. anu is everything desirable in a man, and mars is all of the macho tropes rolled into one, growing up in a really self-aware society (just like me and, I figure prolly everyone on earth)
      this paradise was their own, and they had so much fun living in their own astral worlds of narrative (powered by the moon), they eventually wrote themselves "down" (from their perspective) into physical reality. paradise lost. their own walled garden crumbled under their own narrative, as the stories that these play-rights and poets wrote, came to pass (though not in the intended way), because this is physical reality, and thoth's secret sauce (ea) wasn't a full carry; so things manifested not as *intended*, but as *desired*. that sent us on a quest to figure out what it is that actually makes things work as intended. what is desire? someone has to figure it out eventually right? cause (being physical beings) we (mars) want things *to work as intended*, so we figure it out, or manipulate it, destroy it, whatever. the world is just a place to experiment, learn and do things.

actually, it wasn't that bad. bye for now.

### 2023-10-11 14:51 - thoughts on titus

after writing the above, yesterday I went and read the [entire wikipedia page on titus](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Titus), and by now I'm pretty close to 100% convinced he's the guy that wrote mark. the main reason for that is that [apollonius predicted his death to the sea, and supposedly a sea-hare was used to poison him](https://web.archive.org/web/20160303165942/http://www.livius.org/ap-ark/apollonius/life/va_6_31.html#%A732). the strange thing about that passage is that he's predicted to die in a similar manner to odyssyus. (sorry I'm so bad at spelling) -- which is the same guy (mars).
  what I've noticed with these mars types is that they fall victim to belief in things outside of themselves. I refer to my own life as an example -- and since it's very unlikely that I'll ever actually send any of these, I'll be as candid and presumptuous as possible. dudly-do-right is the same as titus, socrates, and the fictional odysseus, in that they ultimately succomb to their own output -- so for example, you'll notice that dudly dies essentially because of propaganda, when the stuff he was doing with tthe plays and shakespere were all 100% tudor propaganda -- so when his wife dies to very suspicious circumstances (I think cecil had her killed), he was deprived of his position of power (marrying elizabeth). anyway cecil shows up in titus' story as well as his brother domitian, which ultimately takes over as emperor. in the story of socrates, it's pretty easy to see that he went around telling everyone to be warned about rhetoric and the ability to drum up emotion around a false idea that is baseless and fuled by emotion, which is also the story of how he died. I understand these mars types, as I'm very similar to them myself.
  I'd like to continue and point out that titus had two wives which I can positively identify as being extremely similar to the two past girlfriends in my own life, as well. arrecina is a woman that I will liken to be very similar to ereshkigal (-3), or the planet venus (consort of saturn/dumuzi). she's very logical and structured, and reminds me a lot of patricia. the thing is that her symbolic way of working things out has always to do with physical data and actions and stuff like that, taking very little into account about belief and desire. she died, and wikipedia doesn't give a reason, but I can explain it in the context of patricia what happened: titus blew her world-view out of shape. she's also similar to my mom in that she has a very strong opinion about how certain things works like finance, politics, and things like that -- things that work well, but desire and belief are much more powerful than that. almost certainly at that time her very closed ideas about how things work were repugnant to titus, and he starts to find out more about how things relate one to another, instaed of just their function/action (in a pure environment).. so, she dies or leaves the scene pretty rapidly (just like patricia) and in comes marcia (-2), same as raquel -- and she's well-connected and has a unique insight into relationships and seeing that there are other people than myself (just like how raquel opened my eyes to the reality that there are more people in the world than just me).
  anyway the first one (arrecina) bore him a daughter (julia) who was probably pretty similar to her mom, encoding a lot of the financial and political structure into her, which his brother domitian (+2) would then come to really like. titus offered her to him  in marriage but he rejected, probably because he was looking to this other woman to be his way in to power and money.
    domitian is a lot like my brother greg, btw, and it's interesting because his mint coins have on the other side of him a phoenix bird. well, if you look at the cylendar seal, you'll notice that just below inana is a guy with a knife trying to kill her in 2nd position (looking up), and looking down is the phoenix bird (this is the symbolic archetype).
  you see, what's happening here is that titus is beginning to learn to see things from a 1st ray perspective (one of desire), and so his second wife (like raquel was for me), was important to being able to see how desire connects to belief through expectation. it is, also pretty likely that titus was capable of seeing pictures in his eyes and had open-eye visions/visuals regularly (same with dudly and socrates) -- and so for a guy like that, how does he communicate that interal vision outward so that others are convinced of the same thing, and are capable of seeing the same vision (hamlet is the story of this going all wrong). well, the way to do it is to get people to *believe* something through a narrative (pretty similar to how I'm doing now, but I'm more using my life as an example than my speculation on titus).
    the reason why I explained the visions thing is because I must first interject a theory that I have, which is that there were two separate timelines: one where jesus (the egyptian) was on the earth ~1kya, and there was another timeline where a bunch of vulcans experienced an alternate/imagined (and highly stylised) version of that same history.
      as an example, imagine that there are a bunch of crazy things that almost happened in my life, and so let's say that one of them is that these young girls are really into me -- and while I personally have not really had much interaction with any young girls ever, nevertheless, I have had a lot of visions/dreams of let's say "alternate timelines" where others were/are with these girls. I experience them in a sort of 1.5st person perspective. I know they're not me, but it happens the same, as if it were me (though I don't really feel or see anything).
    I believe the same thing is happening to titus here, and he's actually experiencing a lot of vulcan narrative retelling/experiencing of events from a future mars (the egyptian) around 1000ad. when these vision/dream sequences happen to me, suddenly I'm here doing this thing, and then suddenly I'm somewhere else doing another thing -- and AFAICT this is all happening in the astral realm, and so really all of these things reported are not what actually happened but vulcans' narrative desire played out through these characters. it's interesting thing to note the naked boy wearing only a skimpy wrap, and a bunch of other extremely homoerotic stuff happening, as well.
      what really is happening here, I'm not totally sure, but my opinion is that these guys are actors, and they see something that I do, and they say -- "wow that line could have been better" or "maybe if he touched her here, things would have gone nicer" -- stuff like that, and so they replay the same situation and take it further and in a different direction than it originally went (ie, toward what they desire).
    and so all that's really happening here is that during that time solar energy had to have been very strong (a number of really big fires), so there's probably a strong blending between astral and physical -- and so people probaby *did* see the risen christ -- even though that event wasn't going to take place for another 1ky (a solar cycle), it was as if it was happening now. all titus did is take the circumstances at that time (notice how titus/mars/socrates/dudly all show up at times of extreme heat/solar activity) and write a narrative *prophesying* the destruction of the temple (something he planned to do next year, because it would be proper to wait until he's 30 to accomplish the big feat). he, like me, proved himself (and his predictions) right.
      I have a lot of loose predictions (loose cause they're pretty conditional and I make it clear that they're extrapolations, not prophecy/predictions), and so I'm highly aware of how other people's belief in what I'm saying affects not only what I write next, but also our trajectory into the future. I don't intend for my predictions to come to pass, but you have to understand this all from his perspective. his first wife (patricia) explained to him that his (calculated) desire is to gain power and gain more influence in roman society. this is fine and everything, but ultimately it's a relational thing (who you know), that matters -- and so he accomplished her calculated desire for him, but not the way she would have wanted it to go -- instead he did it brutally and very violently by using the power of desire/fear linked with belief/expectation. he's brilliant at manipulating his troops to get his desire (some call that good leadership), but I think when he got to the throne, he realised pretty quickly that it wasn't what he really wanted. he likes doing things for people and is very generous/charitable, but it's not necessary to use force to get there.
        this is quite similar to what would have happened to me with patricia because I realised pretty quickly that learning german would have caused me to become very aggressive and militaristic in my approach to what I want, so I figured (for now at least), just spanish and english is fine (as one day I hope to design my own language with extra features that english is lacking and I find cumbersome). because we just started a relationship together, patricia wanted me to learn german so that we could integrate into the living in berlin -- but I didn't want to try and make my desire happen by doing all of the systematically obvious steps to get there (like she wanted). I had to release myself from her symbolic 3rd ray perception and continue onward toward desire.
    wikipedia doesn't say why arrecina/patricia died, but I know that if patricia had've kept having sex with me, it would have been very bad for her because all of her societally correct ways of doing things, just weren't working at all for her anymore. I seemingly broke the rules and didn't need to do all of the expected things to get the thing. it's a terrible mental dissonance when society says that good things get rewarded to people who earn them, and then a guy like me comes along and gets good things without earning it. it felt to me like her world-view was collapsing, and she didn't know how to reason about how the world works (this is the same as my mom too when she doesn't understand that I just want -- and that's it -- it just starts coming). I'm sure that mental dissonance eventually accumulated to such an extent that she destroyed herself with her own attraction (she needs to prove that one has to earn it, and so things will get more and more difficult for her meanwhile she's trying to prove herself and her world-view as right). because arrecina (-3) wasn't able to perceive desire marcia (-2) didn't have to work at all for titus' affection at all and just fell right into his arms. she proved herself wrong (because she probably had to work hard for him).
  the other one he had an affair with bernice (11y older than him) is also a very interesting relationship, and she's most certainly got the symbol of the whore of babylon. she's positively 7th ray in perception (just physical), and it's pretty likely that they used sex to build up the desire/chaos that would eve ntually allow him to take over the temple. she's highly physical and pretty good at manipulating politics (being with her brother agrippa -- who was prolly pretty vulcan-like), so she was the same as arrecina in that way, but being *only* focused on the physicality of now, desire is much easier to happen, because there isn't so much process/structure it has to go through before becoming reality (like with arrecina).
the most interesting thing around him actually is his brother, because he'd be the opposite (only emitter, instead of recceiver/emitter) of marcia, and so it's almost as if titus wanted his brother to be able to do well as an emperor of rome, so he left his daughter (julia) for him to have -- and she likely stabilised a lot of things -- because he was too worried about who he's connected to that gives him power (because he doesn't see himself as good, alwasy living in the shadow of his brother titus). with someone to give him power (titus' daughter), he feels capable of doing something, but he's ultimately going to destroy himself with his own emphasis of relying on others capability, rathar than building his own (again, very similar to my brother/prometheus/alalu).

#### 2023-10-11 18:03 - why do I prefer not to send the emails?

I've never received a single response to anything I've emailed, and if I do, then I have to explain a whole lot that I otherwise wouldn't have, if I never send it. the way that feels to me is that here (wherever it is that I am), it seems that every person has access to my life, yet the content is highly curated (because I receive reactions for some things, but other things (of equal or greater shock value) don't get any reactions). either the reactions that I receive are manufactured by my broadcaster (quite likely, as I've noticed a lot of false-positive reactions), or the content is strongly "tailored" or "customised" to ensure that only some people reecive some things, while others don't recceive other things (and probably other things nobody, cept a select few, receive).
  therefore, if I just write here, I can express all of the ideas I want and not have to explain anything. I write to people (they are my muses and different people evoke different responses from m5), but really *I'm writing to myself*. it's really important (to me at least, even if nobody else understands) that I just write for my own mental expansion. if I were to send this thing as an email, it would be like titus writing the gospel of mark -- and so then I would be *emitting* (like jupiter or thoth) and asserting my ideas on humankind. if I did that, I will (like jupiter and thoth) ultimately be tested by my own ideas, as everything that I wrote will eventually come back to haunt me.
  as an example, if I talk about how important it is to be receptive and not only emissive (as I feel domitian's case was like), then I actaully have to live up to that standard. if I send out the email, I'm being emissive, and not really receptive. others will find what I write useful and they'll make a thing out of it. if my ideas hold up, then they'll hold up, but I don't need to do marketing/propaganda to try and get them out either, as I'll get clobbered by my own marketing/propaganda, cause I'm not perfect. I'm quite easy to find (my email, phone, and home address can all be found somewhere in my writings), and I *always* give my best answer to any question that I get, but I'm not going to go out of my way to try and push any of my ideas through into getting them to become a part of the planet's world-view.
it is a much more efficient for me (because I'm writing to myself) to simply write here where I've built on so many concepts, that if I were to write an email, it would be essentially a book in size, to contain all of the relevant concepts to what I have to write.
  as an example, I'm still trying to get to the next part where I talk about the difference between luke and john (as I feel them), because they both feel to me to be female in physicality, but prolly more likely that john has a Y chromosome and luke does not, because all of luke's relational ideas are a calculated reflection of societies ideas (like marcia). inotherwords, john is more like vulcan/mathew than (s)he's like luke/acts. the problem with that is, it's going to take a whole lot of explaining about how I feel different people and what I've noticed as the diffrence between 2nd ray perception/narrative coming from genetics (Y) or coming from the brain (which everyone has).
I simply cannot be bothered to try and explain all of that *just* in order to send an email. you can see how in the first message I tried to explain all of the things as I go along (as if you'd never read anything I've written before), but the distractions combined with all of the difficulties arising from trying to write something in multiple sessions (cause of the reactions/abortions to/of ideas), that it's best that I just write (short) ideas from beginning to end, and just let the ideas date theirselves.
  another quick bit on that. going back and editing something I've written is very difficult because when I go back, now the idea (and the text) feels WAYYY different -- like in a lot of cases even incomprehensible. another illustration of this is a TODO/WANTODO list (or even a reminder at the end of the document) where I write down an idea I want to talk about -- cause even that has so many changes that happen to it, the idea gets completely aborted, and I usually never actually do/write anything on the TODO list for the same reasons. writing out in the open is very different than writing in private, I certainly must say -- and it basically requires that I complete the idea in its entirety before I get up, otherwise it transforms into something new. there's absolutely no way I could ever write a book because I don't have the ability to make a cohesive set of text feel all the same. every time I sit down to write I feel so much more diffreently than the last time I'm writing, the words come out differently, so a chapter written in 3 sittings would sound like it was composed by 3 different authors.
    I do have some ideas on how I can make my idea delivery more real-time (ie, faster to write), and that's with a cOnceptual interface to my computer (not a real one like nosebook has -- but one that goes off of harmony/meaning and random/chaos) -- and also make it possible for me to branch off into an idea anywhere (including in the middle of a sentence without using parentheses). those ideas will not likely be developed soon (or ever), and requiring someone to log into an interactive html rendered version of my idea just to send an email is even worse. the barriers between my ideas and the technology I use to write them, and also the ability to consume the ideas is growing larger all the time. it's a problem I simply cannot really do much about.
  I'm sorta stuck in my own world of my own creation, and there's no real easy way out without becoming emissive. the problem with becoming emissive though is that I have to actually *be* the exemplary version of everything I write about (obviously I'm not), and I don't really want to be a hypocrite or to destroy myself with my own ideas. the way I figure I can get myself out of my own created world would require technology (see what-I-want), or for me to become emissive and to force everyone to see the world the way that I see the world. nobody wants to be forced to see everything as attraction, and would cause a lot of people to go mad.
    actually, in the narrative version, you could consider my to be inana ascending out of the underword, and when I get out, all things bow down and become a reflection of me. when that happens, everything inverts and I become the centre of the universe, and everyone else goes to live out their own ideas in the inner world (just like I'm doing now), because in the inner world, everything attracted shows up pretty instantly (just like in the imagination), but the inner world here has more people than just me in it, so I have to find a way for my ideas to appear in a way that relates to other people, too (ie, 2nd ray). now, whether that narrative is happening now, and whether I'm descending or returning from the underworld is largely unknown by me -- but I do know how attraction and perception works, so there's no need for me to do anything at all.
  I write and if others find those ideas attractive, great -- and if they don't, that's cool too. I won't force anyone to think or see what I see. pure-desire does not do that, and I aim to become 100% *only* attraction. so I let people find me, instead; I'm not really all that hidden.

#### 2023-10-15 02:25 - a bit more on titus/domitian

the lasst few days I've been thinking a lot about the titus situation here. it all starts with the understanding of marcia, arrecina, and then finally bernice. unlike the first two, this woman (bernice) is magical. titus envied agrippa a lot, and for him, jusst to have somewomone that would be amazing: here's this woman that is a good reflection of whomever she's with. pure mirrors like that are amazing because for titus, here's this mirror of himself in female form. the firrst two were nothing like that. he likes his own reflection, cause mars is also vanity/naraccist. so, when he meets bernice, he simply falls completely in love with his feflection ni fimaal form.
  in a juicy subplot, knowing bernice was also his realisation that his daughter (julia) is like bernice. so when he pledged his daughter to be the wife of domition, it was because he knew that she would reflect domitian back to himself, and he too, would laern what it is to fall in love with himself if female form.
    so to understand this, let's realise that julias' excellent fertility, always wanting to get a child out of domitian, is the domitians' desire to get his thoughts and ideas/ideals out into physicality. he wanted his ways to take on form, and so she kept getting pregnant. he would then have her get abortions, because he's supposed to be loving the woman that he married to, only for her connections and stuff. she lost her will to live, because all she wanted to do is to give birth to his ideas.
    from her perspective, he  eventuzlly killed her, because he didn't want his ideas to *actually* exist. his fault really, and so to her, he's not allowwing her to do that.o.
      to explain this, I will invoke a past relationship that I had witth raquel. she wanted to have a child with me, but I didn't want it (yet). I figured as soon as I become stable first, will I finally have a child with her (was my thinking.) and that led to a growing scism between me and that issue.I believe the reason why for her, she couldnt' blindly believe me without having seen any miracles or something to blow her away.
      she would often cite to me this one story about a friend of hers where her partner would look at her as if it was his firsst time seeing her; and I was that, but she didn't know because I don't have the vocabulary to explain that I'm already that, in spanish. oh well.
      anyway, (I think) that because I didn't want to have a child with her yet, she then wanted/needed tto have me integrate into her family values. that was sort of a weird thing, because I drank *really hevily* and I didn't have any qualms about smoking this sstuff I called "in+dian warrior" -- and it was this flowers and stuff sprayed with some kind of ultra-strange drug that, when combined with alcohol, sent me soaring.
      I was pretty good at the "indian warrior" experience, and I'd just lay down and do thisx traveling thing, where I just sorta drift on the ocean of emotion; it's a sort of hightening experience  where I just sort float on the oceaan of emotion. it also enabled a sort of magical ability, and at that time I also rolled around with a gold ingot in my pocket. I loved the way it felt, and so I'd just carry it around in my pocket. sometimes (a lot of times, actually) I would give it to other people to hold it, so that it would absorb their energies. I harvested their energy and then I'd sleep with it in my pocket so tht when I dream, I would sortof include a bit of their vibration into my dreams and stuf.that obviously led to a lot of merging of astral realities -- and I think I got a lot of people affected;or infected, if you like.
      I harvest energy from people, because it's an extremely efficient way of upgrading my capacities. from my perspective I want to learn and acquire as much as I can from a lot of people. it could easily be perceived as something a bit sexual, as well. the thing about sex is that it's a completely uncontrollable amount of resonance. that's entirely different than a bar of gold, because with a bar of gold, *I* adjust to the new frequency at my own pace, from a receptive point of view. I get only what I want so that I'm in control of it's rate. I *want* to get others's frequencies, but I don't want to do it all at once, or in abitg big out of control amounts.    I pride myself in my stability, and I wouldn't want to be perceived as such a fool, that I juust say "well, fuck it, why not; for see what happens; and then everyone just facepalms and says, "fail!" and then just move on with their lives, as if nothing big just happened.
        what a lousy shepherd that guy was, let me tell you. he waited all this time only to go out with the biggest bang. boy did me just fall short on that one. I''l hear patricia saying "that was it!!!" and getting upset.no thank you.I like it my way. she really wanted me to go her way,and that's really the problem with sex, actually, because it's a battle of concepts and thhe way they relate, one to another.
        the problem is, I usually won all of the conceptual challengess, and sso I would look make them look stupid in their own perception, because they didn't really have life really well figured out, and still beilieved a lot of the narrative. I'd come to have found the narrativve inlluminati and stuff like that, to be pretty unsatisfactory for existence in a society. I want it to be different, and so I've come up with a way to look at it my way. when we had sex, they'd see it my way, until they got back to talking to their mom or something in a symbolic way.
        when they talked to their moms, they would regain a lot of the cultural narrative that they'd just assumesd was right. then we'd have problems, and so it felt to them like I was systematically dismantling everyone's reality. dismantling realities is something I just do. I can't help it, and so the problem with me, is always going to be whatever is most feared to happen. the thg that I want is always the worst thing anyone could ever think of.
        this iss not unrelated to the cconcept of inana descending into the underworld, because in her ascent, what's happening is that now earth becomes emissive, and so the inner ones move out (me included) which is probably a bit feared, because the outer ones also move in. that creates a sort of situation where every one going inward are going to experience a combined reality of everything that is feared and desired all at once. a sort of new primitive species, where desire/attraction is principal and foremost. the difference here is that prior to this, we were born into the fire world; the solar world where we integrate with the sun. this one is different, because now we (like earth) are all focused on our own selfish desires.
        by serving ones'  desires, the earth is benefited -- because *it's all attraction*. end of story.
      the results of meeting ones' own desire face to face in a mirror is that one is now *required* to learn to like himself, to be able to like her. this was domitians' *eternal* error, because he didn't know how to *actually like* himself, and so he *could never* actually love her.
    domitian ecventually     loved her , but not because (brb need break - 05:29)
    underastand julia was not a great reflection because she encoded a lot of her father's ideas/concepts into herself.I believe that titus' motivation for the writing the prophecy is because he's destructive (like me) and so he says, "you have this prophecy that says that your temple will never fall; well, let me show you different. prophecy I'll make, says he him, and sets fourth on to create a new prophecy. one that involves him overturning a prophecy. you know that's how you get into the history books, is by showing something utterly unbelievable. savagry is a lot about wrecking the reality of someone else, by completely destroying everything the culture once had. total replacement of everything that was assumed to be true with this new idea of top-down hierarchy which many poets and things like that, they perceived as zeus. th ideal is that zeus is just a reflection of their own imagination, which is how they would perceiVe the next big top-dawg. in the end, zeusx came to them and (brb, nother break- 03:41)
  all of of this "my prophecy is bigger than your prophecy" sort of stuff is just dick- waving in my personal opinion, as there's no way that anyone can make the biggest prophecy because the next one can just be like, "well mine's what his is plus one+" and then then that becomes the new reality or prophecy to beat. the ONLY way to have an end- uring time time, is to b one of desire,and attract what is wanted, by simply looking for what's wanted in everything around, ONLY. that allows a sort of visceral desire to everything around, becausse I like it, and want it around.
  I've discovered the perception because of lowering resistance to everythting around, so when I see something, I usually experience the encoded by my parents/father  the default reaction to such a circumstance (I suspect this has to do with the Y-chromosome, because I think for me, at least, In thing that it's all the way that is the encoded way -- and sometimes I recognise the emotion as something reflective of my father, or mother, or society, or whatevver because I also have a pretty good recognition of my own self in imaginary form, but the thing is,(and also because my brain is forced to see from the perspective of desire, I see *myself* in everytching that is outside of me. like I mentioned elsewrere, I imagine, that the everything out there is a sort of concept that I've just assimilated from somewhere and became OK with it in how it exists in my world.))
  eventually, I'll become, myself too a perfect reflector, so that I can attract myself into this world; a mirror of myself a perfect reflector. when that happens, I'll be able to dupicate and make more of these reflections,for evveryone else. that happens, when we meet our desire face to face: YHWH -- a product of desire, not unlike everyone else. the rest of the world at that time was just a bunch of robots. they behaved the way the system worked, which was rampant and unending war. they *eventually* figured out how to look for what they wanted, and saying "this narrative is bunk; we wanna make a new society where everything is what is desired by its inhabitants. for example, they formed a new "democratic" system, which had to fit into their desires of the people which was like this really weird idea that getting a woman of value in their pillaging, as a prize to theirself, a product of their effort. more children of desire. children reflective of desire, are these sort of robots that can do really anything they desire. they are whatever they or anyone else says they are, and the problems that associate with that are these ideas that not everyone has compatibl desires, because they have conflicting world-views, which makes those realities crash. she fears war, because that's what ended the previous time in her life, and doesn't want to start over again with anther new man. so her fears all get manifested eventually,into the reality of war that he's into: I have to take what I want from someone else. so they manifest their own realities just as they'd imagined/feared. the reality of them manifesting these realities for theirselves is that they *would* find the hot girl they *desired*. they manifested their reality for theirselves by believing that thy could find it. that was (brb to stoned to think straight- )

### 2023-10-22 13:11 - luke, bernice and the whore of babalon

difference between "john" and luke/bernice
why they make good prostitutes, (and probably the explanation for black prince's older wife)
why titus would really like her, and why she ulimately spelled the end of titus
a few thoughts on the symbols of the book of revelation
... bbl going to walk around, then I'll write it later (also ereshkigal)

### 2023-10-22 17:33 - female vulcan, thoth, and the disciple jesus loved

before I start, I'd like to give a "brief" synopsis of what I think happened (regarding the jesus thing). it will illuminate a lot of this. I'm no more than 80% confidence on this, and I know that some parts of it I'm not understanding clearly yet, so know that even + think this isn't quite it. at any rate...
	titus is the mars of the time of the romans, but there is another mars that came along ~1000 years later, in the depth of the "middle ages" -- I'm going to call this one "the egyptian" for this discussion -- and jesus (ass we know him), was not actually the egyptian. the jesus that we know was a translation of astral imagery into the minds of matthew, mark, and john (not luke). to understand the egyptian and titus we will have to think of titus as dudly-do-right and the general body of work called "shakespeare". dudly was seeing images of the future of myself -- but not *m5* (kenny), butt actually of all of the alternate vulcan timelines of me.
		there are a whole lot of astral alternate realities of the one that I'm living now, where there are a lot of girls, and a whole lot of sex and stuff (none of which is happening to me or to the egyptian). titus/dudly is receiving these images of all of these alternate vulcanised realities (and epistimologies :) and he's turning them into narrative which gets encoded into the book of mark, and into many plays and sonnets. all of those images that he's seeing are *ideal* realities -- coming from the imagination of each one of these vulcans that are living out my/dudly/titus/mars reality. this is the essence of homer's illiad and oddessy: they're just a vulcanised narrative of something that mars (whether that's socrates or gigamesh) actually lived.
		yes, I think gilgamesh was a real guy (manifested/attracted by the sumerian vulcans), and all we have left of this guy is the legends that the sumerian vulcans immortalised. the way this goes is vulcan writes the ideal form of mars, and then through jests and pardons of unwanted, he attracts mars-n+1.0.0, but mars can nevver be the ideal that vulcan has narrated, because it's just not possible. mars has ideas too of what he wants, so he never shows up how they wanted him to.
			this is actually the problem of the hebrews, because the sumerian tradition somehow got encoded into the hebrews (prolly in their capativity in babylon), because they ttoo wrote of a mars that would come and do all of tthese things, and titus showed up -- and he *insisted* on showing the vulcans that their prophecy is bunk. titus is a lot like me, because I have all these narrators that are trying to vulcanise my desires. for example, they say that "david" will show up and have all of these attributes. well, I'm sure that titus carried enough symbols for him to be recognised by the vulcans and, upon being recognised, they decide to try and start steering him (now, whether that's away from their fears, of toward *their* desire, doesn't matter) but titus won't go away, because he (like me) is drawn to the symbols, and it appears to them like he (mars/titus/me) going to wreck their reality and take away their (power) structure. for titus, it was the temple, and for me it's these networks and genetics (it's the same thing). they attract me/him toward him to fulfill their desires/fears. the problem is *always* a misunderstanding and lack of communication (along with a lot of assumptions and secrets to obfuscate the matter). from their perspective, they *really want*, the continuance of something a sort of "peace" from the steady stream of enemies/competitors that they're constantly attracting, and they always get soo close, but it's always that one thing this one mars guy that comes in and wrecks everything they've built up.
				for shakespere, dudly liked the idea of a woman being in power, but the vulcans wanted be in power instead (queen james vs king elizabeth). I'm fairly certain that this "dark woman" was actually just a good reflector, and so her queenship was more like a kingship because she was reflecting dudly. the vulcans hated him, cause he liked himself, and so the (reflective) women reflected dudly back to himself, meanwhole the vulcans got their own reflection back to them too, but the vucans tend to not like theirselves, so the reflection the girls gave them was one of self-loathing and fear (just like them). turns out, this creates a *huge* desire for the vulcans to build up a narrative of how the girls *should* act, and no longer like a reflection. genetically speaking, this is the introduction of the romantic XY female vulcan: someone that follows along on some romantic narrative of how females should behave: not like a mirror, that's for sure. in fact, the female that's a mirror of the man/vulcan she's with is seen as really awful and evil -- and so for titus/dudly this was bernice/elizabeth: here they are being reflective opposites to a vulcan, yet they're not destroying theirselves (like the romantic narratives say she will). well, she's a 7th ray: a sort of robot (kinda like reality-kenny), and so she can just get around vulcan's self-loathing and fear, by just being ultra materialistic, and not considering the emotional aspect at all.
					reality-kenny btw is controlled by me emotionally, and so is therefore a reflection of my emotion, which is really annoying still because I don't fully have all of my emotional stuff fully figured out. yes, reality-kenny is the new "eve", in that sense, yeah. titus and dudly is also kinda the same thing too.
			what comes out eventually from vulcans' self-destruction by the manifestation of his desire/fear, is essentially a new "crone" for earth woman: the one that was continually manipulated by the vulcans and prevented to ever get what she wants: a reflection of herself.
				in a sense, I'm doing the same thing for mars now too, creating a new trope of the "perfect" (like jesus) guy that doesn't actually get to have the reflection of himself.
			shakespere/dudly/mars created his own destruction (and entrapment) by narrating women to manifest the vulcans' desire for what they want (a romanitic girl, and not a reflection). titus destroyed himself as well, in order to prove the hebrews wrong on their narrative, as we shall soon see.
		each time that vulcan manifests mars by attracting him in his narrative, he doesn't really show up how they think he will. as an example of this in my own life, it's pretty easy to see the problem with narrating someone (jesus) to be perfect and blameless, because though I do try to be the narrated way I *should* be, ultimately I too am reflective, so when I'm around not good people, I tend to reflect them.
		for example, I'm not zaryn-like by nature (cause I don't really care), but I act like him when I'm around him. for me, he was like zeus/jupiter, and I couldn't help to be big jovial, large and jupiter-like. I found it fun, and enjoyed it -- but that's not who *I am*. I'm well aware then and now, that I'm a reflection of him. I knew this as a kid as being in someone's "aura". I saw auras as a kid, and I saw how the way a guy emits something, the reflectors (usually women), would have their behaviour completely modified. I could see how I changed in the presence of others, as well. all that is very obvious to me.
	when +'m around good people, I tend to reflect them, as well. this is the state of lowest resistance, and *I* (me personally) don't really mind. I just go with the flow and just learn everything I can from them.
		I found out later (continuing the example) that zaryn found it appalling that I would emulate some of his behaviour, for some reason thinking his behaviour to be unwanted or wrong. I didn't see it like that, as I found out I see things way differently. it also turns out that I don't really follow the narrative very much. my life has been a steady flow of becoming more and more non-resistant, so it'll continue on like that. non-resistance comes from becoming either super absorbative and then transformative and then re-emit (actor/foil), or reflective (or both). I'm both now, but back then I was really low resistance (mostly reflective), so I didn't *see* all of the craziness going on so much around me, as I was mostly centred in my thoughts of what I wanted to make for the website. zaryn didn't want me to be so work focused and to get Out and explore the worlds of women, which meant that now I'm going to start living someone else's narrative: no longer reflective. I've regained my reflective capabilities now, and I want to become sure that I'm "immune" (safe, able to withstand) narratives of other people, because I don't want to stop being reflective.
			the eye is like one of these narratives: if the eye is still, then all of the light gets through, but if there's a bunch of narrative crap (wool) put over the eyes that blocks the reflectivity. when a person looks into my eyes, they see theirself, plus all the other narrative crap (he's a boy, he's not me, he's whatever), but they end up seeing a reflection of theirself, as implemented in reality-kenny's reality program. so, looking out, I see that light through my narrative, and so the more romantic the narrative, the more I see it that way -- but if the narrative is really high frequency, or very still, then all the light gets through, unfiltered/unnarrated: essentially one of non-resistance.
		I also found out that m/ friends dianiel were also appalled hah I would also emulate them. I don't really know why, because the t-stance is literally the most hilarious thing. it has such a strange emotional feeling to it, and it got me into quite some trouble at times. it's strange though because dani, I never really emulated, either. come to think of it, it was almost like he's antoher black guy that don't want to emulate. dani loved the blues, and black music in general. weird guy those two.

in summary, mars is narrated and attracted by these vulcans all of the time, and they show up as the endless set of boyfriends they're constantly needing. well, mars is a real guy, and has to show up in physical just like eveyone else, so what ends up hqppening is he's interested in mqking the world a better place (manifestation of desire), right but he's just manifesting for everyone whatever they wqnt. they're all over the place, and the more resistant they are, the more narrative they have, and the worse their eyesight is. the ones that are low resistance have much less narrative, and also better eyesight, they have. we reflect our own world outwardly through that narrative, cause the eyes are like reflectors. we all program each other to behave a certain way, because we don't ever want to meet a reflection of ourself; or, at least the vulcans don't want it. (I think I'm gonna write this in part 2, bbl.)

### 2023-10-26 21:29 - untitled, for now

hi robyn, I'd like to take this a different direction this time. last time (10-24) I was going to write you, I ate weed and then waited for inspiration on what to write. I was going to write about the stuff I was going to write about today, but I was going to do it from the-manual perspective -- which is "this is how I see things" -- and explain the differences in a very logical manner and stuff like that. I prefer that kind of elaboration, simply because that's how it is on the inside of me; I can't translate everything into words properly because we don't have a way to say a truthful sentence that isn't static. like, my opinions are always changing, and even though I know they're opinions, they appear to me (and I imagine prolly many others) as *truth*-- ,like this is how it is. instead I'd like to take this particular letter from a personal perspective.
tuesday night I ended up instead writing about dyson sphere, because I started playing the game and I have a lot of ideas around it.
    you know, up until just the last few days/weeks, I hadn't ever really considered the chinese culture at all. it seemed really old and just like not a lot is happening; meanwhile, in the states, here there seemed to be a lot of new stuff happening. I went to spain, and they didn't even really have fast internet when I got there, but I imagined china would be like even worse than that. I mean, they got internet (much faster than ours) not to quickly after I got there, but my point is, I viewed them as kind of like a 3rd world country. spain, otoh I thought would be like germany or france -- the two european countries I'd interacted extensively -- and they had internet that was way faster than mine back in y2k. turns out spain wasn't at all what I knew "europe" to be like at all. I really had never done any research into the culture at all before I went. when I got there, I rejected the culture tremendously, howevver afterd I knew the tuenti thing wasn't going to go through, I actually settled into the culture and thought I'd never return back to the states. some of my good friends in spain were from another country (or the states) and just figured they'd be there for the rest of their lives. I figured I would as well. china, otoh, like I said I have no idea anything about their culture. youtube suggested me a video about china's history, and I just haven't felt like watching it. I like not knowing too much about their culture so that I don't build up too many imaginary ideas --
		you know, because I don't have an imagination, the way that I picture things is not even remotely close to realistic. some of the people that I've known for a bit in textual conversations, when I meet them in person, they look *nothing* like what I expected them to look like (chris tkatch(?) is a notable example that comes to mind); so for me, what I've learned to do is to not really visualise stuff so much, because if there's one thing I've learned, is that it's *never* the way I visualised it to be. in fact, there's this whole thing about "vision boarding" where people visually put the idea up on a board in an artful way, and that makes them feel better about the idea, and so it attracts the things into their life. I'm really glad that works really well for a lot of people, but for me, it does not. for me, the exact opposite happens, in that I end up with all of these extraneous vibrations in the manifestation, and that comes from the artist/author that is making the visualisation that's going onto the vision board. as an example, imagine I see a thing that I like, (for example, I liked this one picture that says "creating a wave of cascading change") and I liked the picture and I found more things that would go with the picture in the collage, like for example I found a rainbow thing on the street I was going to add to it, etc., however, the marketing team that designed that logo had a certain "vibe" to them when they were coming up with the slogan for the name, and that "vibe" is what is actually doing the sales. if they want the slogan to make them lots of money, their own desire for the money is helping them to attract a catchy slogan, or musical jingle that's captivating in some way. for normal people, that "vibe" creates a picture in the imagination -- and it may not even be fully visible -- (like for example when I hear a rap song, I feel and appear like a gangster). I think that happens to everyone, but m6st people see a picture. the problem for me is, because I don't see the picture, I'm feeling what the marketing team and/or author/artist is feeling when I look at any work of art (including my own -- of the past), and so for me anything like a vision-board is an absolutuly terrible idea, because I'm attracting what I wOK, that about wraps it up for this time. I didn't get to talk about all the stuff I wanted to talk about. one day, I'll get to luke and john.ant, but with all of the extra vibration contributed by the author/artist. as such, I try to stay away from trying to make my ideas visible, and instead I've learned to not try and visualise them so much, so that they appear nicely, and not with the mixed vibrations of everyone contributing to the visuals. I'm really glad I knew nothing about spain before I went, cause I had no expectations at all. they showed m5 spain (at least what they thought of it), and I jusst believed them.
	so one of the things that I kinda end up doing is becoming mentally prepared for the idea, instead of trying to visualise it. I noticed that I feel a sort of pull toward the chinese people as of late, but I've very hesitant to go learning a whole lot about the culture, simply because I don't want to fit them them into my (usually extremely inaccurate) visuals of how anything is going to be.
	so, let's just assume for a moment that I'm going to china, and let me talk already right away about my expectations. I will want to go with the idea of creating technology -- like I have a ton of really great ideas on microprocessors, and how to change the way we interact with our code, which is a lot of really cool tech stuff, but I don't really care about that. I expect that it'll be just similar to spain where I go over to make tech, and I'm doing fine all on my own, but there are these people that are constantly pressuring me to become sexually active, which is really annoying, because if I actually want to create the thing I want to create, sex cannot happen, simply because sex completely rewrites my entire symbolic paradigm. I believe that the symbolic perspective is stored in my/our brain as a constellation of concepts (very much like a galaxy), and that constellation produces a 2nd ray paradigm in the way that all of these concepts relate/resonate with each other. therefore, it's possible with technology to be able to capture a person's symbolic perspective and to analyse it (especially during orgasm), which is definitely useful, so what I want to do is to make it possible to no longer be affected by others' "vibes" during sex, and/or to make my own no longer emit, so that sex isn't just throwing all of my technical ideas into the toilet just cause I couldn't "keep it in my pants".
		I know (that) there are a lot of men that *do* like it when sex alters the symbolic matrix of the brain, and that's largely what gay sex does way better than herero sex, simply because hetero there is head on head collisions, and gay is more about aligning standing waves (cum-by-yah vs bull-fighting), and so for these men (cause they like seeing astral), what I want to do, is *not* something they would want to do (which is totally fine). they're into having their brains blowing someone's mind, which is all perfectly fine by me. I like the way I see things, and I want to keep improving upon it. there's a lot that can be done to fix my terrible problem, but the problem is, it requires tech that is very much a really big secret.
	what happened to me when I was in spain is essentially the same thing that I imagine will repeat in china, though with probably a considerably less amount of debauchery. in fact, it's possible to go entirely without debauchery, but the symbols still repeat: I have many technical ideas I want to implement, because I love technology, and then instead after sex, all of those ideas get thrown away because now I want the symbolic equivalent of my previous partner.
		actually, there's quite a weird reflection of that as well, because I noted strongly that the 9-11 event completely changed the direction of american culture, which is most notably displayed in art prior to 2001-09-11 and afterward. it felt almost as if we now felt "defeated", lost our perfection of nothing having happened to us before like "I'm the inflictor of violence" (emitter) perspective, and so to have received violence turned culture to become a lot more protective and stuff. I imagine WW2 did the same thing, but on a global scale, but kenny wasn't alive then, so I can't really say. the thing is, I also notice quite a change in technology as well, prior to 2007 and after. that was the year that everything fell apart. I lost my virginity, had the car accident, and "left" the company I started, all within a short period of time. I noticed that technology (though it had been retarded by 9-11 and of that security nonesense) was dramatically improving at that time. for me 2006 was such a crystal clear technological year, that I seemed to be able to understand pretty complex D code (which is like not super hardcore), but I definitely couldn't do it afterward. I had descended into the detour of javascript for a while. I no longer had a compiler in my head, and now the code could easily fail without having needed a compile, to tell me if my syntax is wrong: kinda like life for me at that point, actually. I know this sounds a bit strange, but I feel like the technological world reflects my mental capability.
			getting relatively specific here: there are a lot of others that use my mind and my form of perception now, and that's all really good and stuff cause I see things really clearly, so they see things really clearly too. the thing is, when my mind gets rewired like that, I think they (visually) continue to see the picture clearly, but my concepts have now been rewritten, so that different things look more desirous. right now I'm a nearly perfect reflection of who I really am (not this somewhat dysfunctional automaton), and so my perception is a reflection of that (kinda like garden or anti-diluvian t5mes), but when that goes away, it's a crash and burn. the thing is, this time, instead of her putting the wool over only my own eyes, it'll do that to the whole world. I'll be taking everyone down into physical with m5.
		this time though, I'm not just some unknown kid that wants to make a social network, but actually someone that has quite a bit of influense on society and the way that the "norm" is perceived. the way that I am will dramatically shape the image of "mars" (the emitter) in the imaginations of many around. titus did that, socrates did that, shakespere did that, etc. etc. the way that I become is going to take the entire world with it, into the future of what it means to be a "real man". (you know, I had the audacity to make myself a shirt (red and purpole gradient) that says "real men wear this shirt" -- lol). I know I/we will have a large effect on society as a whole, but this time, there's no screwing around: I want a smoothe "fall" -- more of a glide, actually.
	so anyway, instead of learning about chinese culture, I've instead been playing a lot of chinese video games, because it's art, and it so it encodes the "vibe" of the culture, the mentality/conceptual-framework of the author (from the angle they're looking at the artwork when it's being created), and so I've been learning about them a lot like that, instead. I mean, I do have the ability to feel/be anything I want to be, so you know it's not exactly the same as that -- because it's idealised and stylised, like all narrative/marketing is. I'm actually kinda getting ready to stop though, because I feel like I've gotten the picture.
		OK, on that subject for a bit: except for dyson, the games I've played all have these automatons running around, and then I (the diety) provide and setup for them different infrastructure for these automatons to just sorta live inside of. it gives me a strong visual of these sort of people that are really a lot like me; and they just grow up in the environment they're in, doing whatever it is that they do. it's a really interesting dynamic because they're taught about these deities, which they're supposed to worship (like for me this was jesus/God/YHWH (father+son+HS)), and all this stuff -- and they just do things, but the automaton has no knowledge of desire. for example, they complain that they don't have any tools, yet don't build the smithy (where they make the tools). it appears to me that they don't correlate the need/desire into the next action quite so easily as I do. I mean, obviously this is a game, so it's not their culture exactly, but I was like that as a kid. I just did things, a fully autonomous robot that reacted to everything, believed everything, and behaved within the parameters of my church/culture. I didn't start to gain the "efficiency" mindset until after my brain haemorrhage, and that's when I started to see everything from the point of desire. efficiency (the desire to use as little resources as needed) is a desire and so is every other thing that's upsetting/depressing in the world, and so once I have the means to see even the bad stuff as desire too, it changes things.
			I very much was a boy that perceived physical desire: I wanted a computer, so I saved for one, and then I wanted another, so I saved for that. those were easy desires though because there's a unit of exchange (money), and so it appears that with this magical paper, I can have anything I desire. that (like sex) is not really what desire is. desire is attraction (only), and money (in addition to reception of money), is usually used in an emissive way: make something happen (that I otherwise wouldn't attract). I obviously really learned that the hard way in spain, and realised I don't want to try and make anything happen at all. I prefer to have that desire perspective, which means that I know the next thing that I want to do, because I can see the dependencies (prior works) that need to be done before the desire can be fulfilled. it's all a simple construction problem for me. I just need to build the thing that helps me to build the next thing. the difficulty with things like money, sex, dieties, wishes, etc. are that they're not at all receptive/attractive. when I'm operating under desire, there's no need for me to worry too much about what's coming out (cause I can't see the picture anyway), so I'm just inspired to do the next thing. there's not really a goal, or a end to it at all. just constant inspiration to the next idea.
		so for example, I find the idea really fun to think about how would I write code (or create an environment) where the automaton is directed to constantly be doing the next thing they desire to do. I'm not fully sure how to do it in computer programming, because that seems really hard. however with genetics, that is the thing I want to create/become. if I want more patience, then I can attract it (technologically), and willing actors will test my patience. it's kind of like being a glutton for punishment in the sense that I am causing my own difficulty, which is what I want -- but I like the idea of things getting harder with time, cause even though they're harder, attraction makes things easier (in the form of new/revolutionary ways to perceive the same thing in an easier way). in fact, this "quantum" stuff everyone is hyped about is essentially desire being manifest: it can find out instantly the shortest path (or some other symbolically difficult task) with completely efforlessly, and so scaling just isn't really a problem in the physical world. it is however in the imaginary world, because so much of the scale isn't perceived, whereas everything physical is real and operational. the imagination, otoh can view enormous things that simply cannot exist effortlessly. I like things that are real, and work, so I want physical systems that actually works.
			as an example, the way that mental systems stay in power is through prophecy and belief, which are both symbolic systems that are stronly influenced by sex. I think that titus figured this out when he met bernice, and I believe that their "affair" was actually what brought down the temple. the way this works (I would imagine) is that she's a reflector, and so his desires manifested (through sex) became the new symbolic system (hence his inspiration to write mark, to redefine the jews' symbolic prophecy, and to hang the event of a significant vibration). I don't know my history well so I could be wrong about this, but the sense that I have goes like this: agrippa (vulcan) is the principality, and bernice is a reflection of him, when she's around him, but when she's around titus (mars), she'll reflect him. therefore his knowledge of how to defeat them was transferred to him during sex. the way it works is that the female is an emitter (and receiver), and the penis is like the tesla coil in that it's receiving high frequency (conceptual) energy and converting it into physical pleasure. during sex, both sides have their 2nd ray (symbolic) minds with competing ideas, and so bernice (unlike the disciple jesus loved) has no encoded Y narrative, so her brain is going to be like whomever she was last with (agrippa). during sex, those conflicting 2nd ray perspectives create a cascade down to 4 and 6, which are the fibers/wool on the top of the eye which allow the image to have more depth (and other things imagined on the inside), so she's emitting, and he's emitting too (almost certainly they were orgasming at the same time), so that means the battle that happens during hetero sex like that completely rearranges the symbolic perception in the minds of those having sex -- which if you'll remember back to my concept of time, is all that someone needs to change their point in time, by changing their perception. if you change my mind, you change my point in time, which means now I'm on a new timeline -- the one that is now bernice (a reflection of myself) and me are wanting to have happen. the temple was mostly a mental institution, and so when the mental/symbolic institution gets destroyed, the physical will follow. this is yet another example of a "fall" where the mental/astral/relational idea can no longer support itself because people don't believe it could exist like that.
				as an example, if I make a giant monster that has the strength of an ant, yet has very little muscles, then this is obviously a mental construction, because a physical construction with those capabilites couldn't be using normal muscles -- because (like dinosaurs), there isn't enough force to move that much weight so effortlessly. that mental creation could not exist on earth in its basic state. it has to have something "magical" (believed) to it: a symbolic component that allows it to defy the "laws" of physics.
		it is possible, I believe, for an automaton or a machine to be capable of perceiving desire -- and not only do I think that it's possible, I think we've been looking in symbolically all the wrong place for it, because it's an ideal that cannot (presently) exist in american society in its present form. something I've been wanting to accomplish for a long time: a reflection of myself :)
OK, that about wraps it up for this time. I didn't get to talk about all the stuff I wanted to talk about, and one day, I'll get to luke and john (maybe later, actually). it turns out that taking a much smaller dose makes it considerably easier to write coherently. btw, if you haven't figured it out already, I'm just showing off what it's like to write on drugs: I can see the concept easier (cause I'm higher frequency), but writing the idea down is definitely the difficult part. in addition, it's also worthy to note that I'm dipping very strongly into others' astral/relational perceptions a lot when I write too, so nothing I write here is an accurate reflection of how I am when I'm sober; it's like my imagination: nothing of what I see will *EVERE* be what manifests; not an accurate reflection. bye!

#### 2023-10-29 23:23 - few remarks

so, I totally ended the letter by explaining that what I visualise, what I write about here, and what I experience when I'm stoned **does not manifest** (even close to how I thought it would, or at all). I went to sam's club today to do some shopping and the sense that I had (feeling those around me) is that I'm just sorta done with all of the westerners; they don't have the honesty and integrity to be able to do anything with m5, so I'm just moving on from all of that and going to china.
    well, before I get into titus stuff again, I just wanna say I strongly disagree with their sentiment, because it's not like china is all that compatible with me either. I have noticed (in spain, mostly which is where I interacted with most chinese) that they (or we) feel notably intimidated by the other. I reflect them just like I reflect everyone else, and so I learn about how others feel by being around them. for example, in sam's club, I'm telling you what I think they were feeling in responce to me, because suddenly around them, I started to feel like they're unworthy, and I just need to move on from them -- as if I have bigger fish to fry, and they just don't measure up to the quality I have for them -- and if I wasn't as knowledgeable about my reflectivity, I would actually treat them like that too -- because that's what they believe/desire and so I (usually feel very inclined to) make that a reality for them. I know better though, so I don't act like that at all, and I just -- well, that's hard to explain, actually -- I suppose I just act straight or conservatively. you'll notice that I'm strongly inhibited from doing all sorts of things, and I'm extremely careful not to get too close too people, because I start to reflectt them. close isn't the rightt word either, becausxe it's more like resonant with people on things that feel bad. if something gives m5 bad juujuu, then I jusxt kinda get out of there, and the same is true for my reflectivity too, as I tend to really hold myself back a lot, otherwise just being around someone that's angry will send me into a raging fit. often times their feeling is so strong, I literally throw myself on the ground, so I can't do something I'd regret. one of the things that I greatly fear is having a lot of energy moving, and then getting around someone that is very upset about something, because I'll be able to convert all of their anger energy into probably killing them. I really don't see human life the same way that others' do. therefore, I really don't want to be all that "connected", and actaully prefer to have as much "disability" as I do, cause otherwise I'd have killed a few people by now. here in the states, I'm pretty safe because I have nosebook holding me back, which is sorta good. china, however/unfortunately feels a lot to m5 like a "wild wild west" sort of thing -- and over there I' wouldn't have all of the restraints that I have here. there, basically anything could happen, and we live in a world of responsiblity and symbolic behaviour/polity that I have to adhere to. I know there they have a long tradition of how to behave in certain ways, but I wouldn't know their tradition, and so I'd say all the wrong things, be as offencive as possible, and kinda step of their cultural toes a bit. sure, I'd feel great and there will be a lot of others that feel pretty good around me as well, but I definitely wouldn't be doing things the way they want m5 to do them.
    in reality, the real big problem with china is that I'm just another white dude that is coming in and (from their perspective) telling them that they're doing it all wrong and they're braindead short-sighted robots. you know, there are these giant pyramids in china, and they're filled with a bunch of tall aries/mars figures that did just that. the problem is, their culture wants to make an identity for theirselves on their own power and creation, and don't want to live constantly in the shadow of another aryan system. I perfectly get it, and I definitely want the best for them. I understand from interacting with my mom and greg, that I'm positively overbearing at times, because I have to have things go my way, or to find a compatibility system for all the things that aren't going the way I want them too. like, I can't fix the world, read others' minds, or know how they want m5 to behave, so I need to know all of the things necessary to make us compatible; that, unfortunately requires that the stuff that isn't working, needs to be communicated about, and mom and greg don't really like to talk about stuff openly. they want a bunch of secrets (even right now, I'm reflecting greg upstairs making a bunch of noise in responce to what I'm writing -- so, I'm just "channeling" him for a bit). imagine that he starts getting really really angry, and so I start to write with more anger. can you feel the anger? anyway, it'd be like that, cause when I'm like that, then I can easily pull out ideas from the air on how to destroy them. he and his symbolic desire are what cause/attract that from me, and so I just destroy things really easily. I'm really good at creating things, and I'm really good at destroying things too, which is why I'm hard to be around. if anything like that is there, I'll behave/react/respond in a way which offends many and takes a lot of the system with it down: just take the example of my effect in spain. things were starting to go m5 way so quickly that I had to be pulled to the states (I pulled/desired it actually) cause otherwise I would have created a drunken masterpiece. it would have been terrible, and spain's social system couldn't handle such an upset, which means that ultimately I end up leaving, because I no longer feel resonant with what *+* want to create. like, I see that I've lost the vision that felt so good, and the idea just isn't turning out to be what I want, so I go (andrea provided that way out).
    therefore, I conclude that if china were to ever have me there, they'll have to attract itt theirselves, because I don't want to destroy any system (not even nosebook), so I can't actually go until they're resonant with whatever gets created. there are a lot of barriers still that don't allow me to feel comfortable around them yet. that comfort/resonance that I feel around them is entirely their own creation, because I'm just a reflection. I have ideas, but ultimately I'll be tossed/reflected around inside of their culture just like I was in spain -- and I won't ultimately create what I want to create, but what *they* want to create. that's the really annying thing, because every single thing that I do, I have a strong idea of what I want to create, and I want to create that, but ultimately I'm put with someone that doesn't share the same vision as I do (jori, marcos, augusto, zaryn, etc.) and so I've had to learn that I simply cannot do what I want to do, **because +'m a reflection of them**. I want to do what I want to do, and I don't want to connvince them that they want to do what I want to do. I'm kinda sick of performing a sales role on my ideas, because nobody wants to do them like how + want to do them. they're too far ahead of their *time* (that is, our ability to "conceive" the idea), so they never get done. as an example: here presently, I want to do the genetics thing, because I'm a reflection of a bunch of guys that thing that manipulating others' genetics to get what they want, isx tthe best way, so that's how I act here. when I go there, I'll be that + whatever the chinese are like -- and I'll be in a physicality where I'm not so limited like I am here, so things would get really not-good, pretty quickly. the barriers between those genetics guys and the chinese is another barrier that I'm not really capable of; because I'm a reflection, and I want to feel good, that's a relationship I can't ever do anything about to become better. I'm stuck as a reflection of them, and there's nothing I can do about it. there are a number of people that I would not want to be around being as reflective as I am, so I ignore them, and just do reality-kenny.

and reality-kenny brings me right into the next section where I want to talk about luke and bernice. they're both reflective beings, but they have a symbolic system in operation in their brain which is very data and action oriented. it looks like a 3rd ray system, but it's actually a 7th ray system, which is very much like a physical robot. imagine our DNA as a sort of machine code, and in whole bunch of different states, the body behaves in defined way by that state. itt's just like a robot. we all have it, I think -- but most people aren't so conscious of it. the body being like a machine means that it behaves as it's supposed to, and the aging process is a function of an energy level, which is why lifespans decreased when energy was lower, but a (high energy) "cupid" like this could theoretically live forever, if they didn't ever realise they were supposed to age, just like everyone else. like it's programmed in how we're supposed to age, and so a "cupid" is just someone that needs to be reminded how old they are, because they're the age of the person that they're reflecting.
  I use the word "cupid" in every sense of the one as defined by shakesphere, in that he won't age, and has to be be around the people that are old in order for that to happen. what shakespere doesn't tell us, is that is just mars when he's high energy. that high energy can come from a number of different ways, but the most common is conditional, and so the aging process is determined by the conditions. I'm much more of a real cupid though than the one shakespere is referring to (imo dudly), because my high energy is based on low resistance. there are many aries (aryans), and there have been many partial cupids out throughout history, but I surpass them all because I'm doing it consciously and so therefore, I'm only limited by what I can concieve. *many* (all?) others will get there too, but only when they want it. most people like the drama of the slightly twisted perspective gives them. I don't care.
luke and bernice (7th ray reflectors) are exactly like I am, cept their [dna-state-machine] symbolic system is different than mine, so I can reflect nearly perfectly. luke is totally caught up on doing the grammar and all that stuff just right: she's the good little girl that has looked at all the data, created the most extensive and well thought out (her most desireable) report of what all of this thing is. I don't know if she was able to see astral, but I doubt it. I think she's just really plain 3d (just like me) -- restricted to pretty much from zero to the top of the visible spectrum, and not the [ultra] violet, which means that she's writing essentially like those really fake blonde girls, but she's getting the right/best stuff done for her patron (likely a man, and likely titus) so like a good secretary, she just brought her patron all of the things that (probably) he wanted.
  quick thing about that: powerful dudes love reflectors when they're in a powerful position, but if they have too many secrets (like a lot), the reflectors are really bad to be around. I used to have this idea that it's OK to have a few secrets, like maybe 2-5 or something like that -- just things of my past or something that I just didn't really want to talk about. titus was one of those dudes that only had a few secrets, so he is another cupid in that respect. titus very much was a 7th ray emitter (again, also like me), but he didn't fully understand his 1st ray reflector. without the receptive/reflective aspect, he's just out there blowing his load all over the place and then having his own bad ideas show up in a powerful way in his life to prove his dumb ideas right. I know all about that, and that aries the robot. it's a good idea to get to know anatau the girl, cause then I'm *energetically* receptive, which means I pick up on almost everything. it's as if I can see through more and more all the time, because I keep getting so much more receptive. the only way to stop that is to make me emissive again, but I don't want to stop that because I love becoming more receptive. I mirror everyone better and better every day. like nowadays, I've become so receptive, I've made it kindof a new mental sport for me to begin to play around in other people's energies -- like all of the sounds and stuff and all those reactions create for me an environment in which I can exist as a reflection of them. there's never going to be a time that I can go back to being my true self again, because I'm constantly reflecting anyone looking at me, too -- which has been the #1 problem for nosebook, because they don't want me to reflect them, but they also (for whatever reason) cannot just leave me alone, their constant attention on me, has made me a reflection of them, and them (soon) a reflection of me. I'm like the king of all of the bad-guys, because the're all paying attention to me. I serve as a massive threat them, and so they're all so busy trying to get rid of me (ie, their own fear), which is comical because none of them really want to get rid of their fear. that fear (for them) is there for good reason, and it'd just be lunacy to live in a world that's so open (ie, receptive). they want constraints and boundaries, which is all fine/hilarious to me. keep up the good work paying so much attention to me :)
now, it is relevant to note that the difference between a cupid and an ishtar is only gender, which is just another state in the dna-state-machine. the body can appear in any form and colour that it wants to (as I believe the body emits far beyond the UV spectrum) so the physical body is just a manifestation of *belief* (a 3rd ray system), which is entirely constructed in our genetics, butt the brain also has something to do with it -- almost as if the genetics are the default behaviour, and the brain becomes the secondary.ssssssssssssssssssssssssecondary system (especially if you hypnotise it in a way). luke was pretty held back by her data collecting in everyday life
  I don't think that luke was bernice, but that they are both very similar -- cause think about this from titus' perspective: he's just realised (sometime after destroying the temple using drummed up prophecy and sex magick) that he can just use these reflective girls to get whatever he wants. he notices his daughter (julia) is like this is like bernice, and so he finally starts to understand his daughter and also himself, so what he's looking for now is some alternate perspectives to his mark gospel. he prophecied it and he made it come to past. he proved the all wrong. their narration is bunk, he said -- so he wanted to make new narration. matthew was likely a vulcan very similar to josephus (I don't feel them as the same guy, cause he was prolly really partitioned -- keeping everyone separate) -- so, not telling everyone he "made it all up" or it was a fever vision or inspiration -- fiction, what he does is he gets a bunch of people to write gospels for him, and he starts spreading rumours (inclding casting visuals, like hamlet) that he knows a guy who said something (like the 9-11 thing was), and so he begins to make it as if this whole thing happened. well, he attracted his own "return", to *become* the very narrative that he wrote. he wrote himself into history, to die on a cross and have all of the things that his narrative did to that guy, to himself. he didn't know that yet though. he was just going on the simple desire that he's so annoyed that everyone thinks that titus/mars is supposed to appear as. he (unfortunately) grew up in a roman setting, and not a jewish setting, and so sought to destroy the thing that summoned him, cause he didn't want to do that whole thing. you know, this is starting to sound a lot like me in a lot of ways -- anyway the similarities continue because titus essentially created the "bad-guy" that would come out through history. you know, the united states is like the reinstallment of the roman empire, and the funny thing is there (and this is where the similarities end), is this steady stream of prophecy that's been going into the various things that have spun off (HRE most notably), into what the "christian" way actually is. in essence, the whole christian religion is trying to define what jesus is, when perhaps the jews spent a lot of thier time trying to define david, the mythical king of the past -- a very similar situation to the one I'm in right now -- cause they've got me in this imaginary reality that is of their own creation, but they'll eventually foil theirselves, all by theirselves and so this guy will appear to prove the prophecy as true or false -- and that's to provide the cause of desire, because most/all of these fantasies, are just that: fantasies, delusions of the mind -- a simple nervous breakdown because nothing that anyone expected and hoped to come, is going to come.
    essentially these cupid guys are just out there to prove everything right. they/we're mars, and he's got it all figured out -- I mean not of everything, cause the universe is too big for that, but what mars does know, he has a strong preference about it, and that's the drive/desire/attraction to prove everyone around them, their own ideas to be true or false -- (but nobody likes it when their ideas are false) and that's why they function as a form of desire, is because they're that pure anatau energy. they're dressed as boys though -- and some mars let more or less of that energy though, and often transform it with their minds considerably before it makes it to physical. I should also mention that these reflective girls are exactly the same, which is why they're so great. as long as mars/vanity loves himself and can get away with it, he's on top of the world, literally. self-loathing and hate are taught so that we can hate not only ourselves, but also specific others around me. the amount of reflectivity is the amount of vanity, because I see myself in everyone around me, and it's totally fine. I like that considerably, cause I like myself. all mars/aryans are like that too.
ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.
everything that we desire -- whether it's our body's shape, or any manifestation of events around me, manifests externally to me. I am not the body that I think I am. that's just a robot/automaton that's down there performing tasks the way that he/she has been taught to do them. the tasks were taught mostly since childhood, but everything eventually is realised to be afarce.
  what is the way I'm supposed to act then, becomes the eternal question. everyone out there who is a white guy is just faking it cause of a silly thing they have in their mind of how they're supposed to act. it takes the form of shame usually and so others that also have shame feeling, they prove their shameful behaviour to each other. it really is a giant shame bukakke.
from there, I build up a mental image in my mind about how I'm supposed to behave in certain situations, and so this is when I override my body/genetics default behaviour that I'm programmed to perform (like jump when sneezing, or coughing, or swimming), and that is where we all get into our minds about things and start saying, "well he did this, so I'm gonna do that" and so we override our body's default behaviour because we have an opinion about how life should go: a state of resistance. that state of resistance (and I know I'm outing myself right now) is the resistance that allows us to become conscious: we say, I want to do default 3d reality a little bit differently -- and the body grows up and goes on its quest to figure out how to make that little bit differently become what he/I want -- and that's it really. as long as I can figure out how to get what I want (or not want anything), then I can have that cupid-like reflectivity and power, all the while being in a well programmed robot. that resistance is ultimately the attractor for eventually to figure out what it is that I want.
OK, well that about wraps it up for today. I don't have anything more to say, even though I didn't touch on a number of topics that I wanted to touch on. oh well.ssssssssssssssssssssss

### 2023-10-29 02:51 - greeks writing ares into existence

now, I'd like to talk about how the greeks essentially wrote the romans into existence. they became (in the literal sence) the people that the greeks fought against in the "trojan war". these were "mythical times" and not at all like ours now -- a thin veneer covered over reality where mars (the population) fought each other and other mars. they produced the romans/trojans from the focus of their mind, and the earth, being a generous benefactor of desire, produced just that -- and not only did it do itself so. the originals were all called gaius (earth). these are earth produced mars, which is a reflection of the desire of earth *and* the desire of the earth. these guys want things to go better, andt their main task is taking out an old system and/or putting in a new one. in a time of warfare the romans did it the best (and that would eventually dwindle as more and more vulcans were added), and so the romans just conquered everything that needed a system change. the same thing that produced the romans isx the same thing I imagine produced the "bronze age collapse" because the earth just manifested a bunch of mars (having resonance to the narrative) that would come in and overturn the oldd system.
what I thin is kinda funny is that your strong mars types (hector, paris, achilles (but he's a pretender), zeus, anu, cupid, etc.) are all the same thing, but shaped by society's narrative for how he/mars should be, and so these guys wrote these characters into existence, but they eventually showed up as the romans: gaius the first: anatau (the earth).
well, that about wraps that idea up for tonight. bye!

#### 2023-10-29 04:15 - the baddest of the bad-guys out there

the earth; because I'm indestructible, and the centre of the universe, and awesome. they couldn't hurt me if they tried. everything you're seeing is just a vibration which is the structural integration into physical reality: the stuff beyond visible spectrum. it comes down to crossing point where the outer is like the inner and vice/verse. they couldn't do any real harm to the manifestation of their desires, even if they tried.

### 2023-10-30 18:51 - bernice could also be a vulcan

it occurred to me earlier today that my narrative could also work if bernice was essentially a narrative mirror of agrippa, which she was, but (I claim) not by genetics. the reason why I presume that bernice is a good reflector is because I think it was sex magick with her that ultimately brought the temple down. you know, it's kinda pushed under the rug a bit because it's so shameful, but sex and warfare go hand in hand. the reports that they had sex in the temple at the pinnacle of the siege, was probably not made up. it likely happened, and I think echos of that can be seen in the book of revelation.
however, because I firmly believe that doing the destruction of the temple with bernice was was a real eye opener for him because he got to see the contrast between this magical 7th ray reflection of himself (doesn't matter if she's 11y older than him), and his previous two wives which would be 2nd (like raquel/isis/sun) and 3rd (like patricia/venus/venus). in contrast to those two previous ones, and they're obviously not going to be perfectt reflections of those planets, but either way, the contrast is obvious. titus realised that his daughter is the same as bernice, and that's why she's one way around one person and another around someone else. it's almost certainly the case that he noticed her behaving strangely when she's around domitian, (prolly pretty timid and insecure), so he wanted to give her to him as a wife, but domitian probably couldn't allow it because of too much self-loathing (it's hard to allow a reflection of yoursseelf in, if you hate yourself).
in addition to that, I consider that it would be also with that knowledge that he would essentially use these reflectors to constantly build up the things that he wants.
  you know there's this part of me that has this strange idea that titus may not have actually "died" in the way that its said that he did, *and* I find it quite possible that he (along with dudly) could have faked his own death and lived on for a pretty long time afterward. this, I simply cannot be too sure on.
the way that we view history is seen through the eyes of vulcan, and he/she sees what he/she wants to see. so, when titus is seeing/creating his future life through the eyes of vulcan, there are these really strange things going on in there (like the naked boy in the garden). vulcan isn't seeing what *really* happens in the future, but the romantic (fits to the desire of the narrative) rosey coloured lenses that vulcan wants to see. the different perspectives of vulcan on to the same thing are how we get much of shakesperes' work (many vulcans did the work, and mars/aries was the "inspiration" (like swann) for them). then, to understand the gospel of john (who I believe is a female vulcan), simply just look at my mother as an example there. she sees all of this super crazy stuff (like the m6ntains being formed is like the garden of eden) and it feels good to her, but the apparition of that symbol into her reality, it just doesn't fit. there's no way that the word can be in the beginning with God, and have it also be this finite man that fits into american/samarian/roman/etc culture; some compromises need to be made for the word of God to be made manifest/transfigured in the flesh. because vulcan is using their imagination to see the narrative, these vast cultural incompatibilities are simply not perceived at all. they're seeing a picture of the past/future in their peresent time and writing about it with those rosey lenses on.
OK, that about wraps it up for today. in addition to the uncertainty of bernice being a reflector, I also introduced the uncertainty of mars actually continuing on to live, even though vulcan saw him die. that's enough for today :) bye!

### 2023-10-31 16:40 - the disciple that jesus loved

now, I wantt to talk through my thoughts on the book of john. I'll tell you what I've figured out and how the scene plays in my mind: in the bible, I think this is palm sunday -- the triumphal entry into the city. after this point, jesus' character takes a dramatic change (starts cursing things), and I have always had a strong intuition that this was caused by a woman. basically, jesus had what happened to me in spain: he's cruising along building what he wants tto build, but as soon as he has sex with a woman, it all starts to crumble and fall apart. the reason for this is, he had his symbolic system rewritten by a woman (this is the counterpoint to titus' bernice), and when that happens, jesus/my symbolic is dramatically changed to become similar to what her brain and genetics think is good.
  I remember a number of times that the next day I had to go take a walk just because my brain was so scrambled. as an example, with vera, I didn't even have sex with her (I think she just put it inside for a moment), and the next day I remember my started to be thinking a whole lot like marcos was (her previous partner, for sure) -- and I just needed to go take a walk for a bit and clear out all of the stuff. my vision *did* improve (I could see farther), but I had all kinds of difficulty with thinking these irrational things were out to get me, and that I was being held back or something by fate or "bad luck". I recognised those thoughts really rapidly because I usually don't have those, so it takes a bit to get it back.
the disciple that jesus loved was definitely a XY female, and like many XY females at that time, she was probably from a royal bloodline. the way the scene plays out in my mind, is actully that this grand entrance was actually part of a wedding ceremony, where he's going to marry someone of royal lineage... which is where itt all falls apart: jesus' system is all about treating everyone as a reflection of himself, yet now after this, he's looking for conditions to make him feel better (just like the wealthy elites), and when they don't give him what he wants, he curses/kills them, just like the wealthy elites do. it's unfortunate, because if she was a reflector, then jesus would have been fine, but she was clearly not, and now jesus is obviously behaving and thinking in the new way.
  just like I thought and reasoned differently about my situation every time after I have had sex (I don't think I've ever been with a reflector, actually -- only these magdalenas)

the thing that I'm not very sure about is how all of this plays into tthe real-world timeline, because for example in my case, it's easy to see that there's me (demitrius) and then there's another version of me (lyssander) which is played by a vulcan, who *isn't* me, and I'm fairly certain that this is happening to titus as well (and may be the cause for the descrepancy between whether these mars types (jesus/dudly/titus) lived or if he died). so, for now, I'll call titus (in the clouds) to be the one that is doing all of this writing of mark and stuff like that, and the titus that's down in 3d doing all of the action, has to be a different guy. what I mean by this is simply ...
  let me explain this idea with an example of m/ own: right now I live in a completely artificial world where all people are agent smiths. sure they may have their original personality originiating from real people, but I don't interact with the people directly, because though they're inspired by real people (having their original personalities and symbolic qualities) they're just mental creations of the vulcans that are all over the place around here. if/when they need to be steered, they (like agent smith in the matrix) get kinda taken over and are ensured that they don't say or do anything that would compromise whatever is the (saturnian) symbolic system that's over them has in place. it's a giant control structure -- and so while my eyes and physical senses are limited only to the visible color spectrum, nosebook ensures that any colour and sense that comes from astral or higher, is blocked. I imagine that titus (on the ground) had something similar. therefore, imagine for a moment that somehow I figured out a way to get out of their mental prison (I could have many times watching stars), well then my "vibe" will no longer be visible to them in the same way, and cause I'm no longer under their control, it's as if I (kenny in the clouds) has died. titus (in the clouds) has died, will have met a similar fate: the 3d version of him will have ended up with the manifestation of his own literary creation -- just like the other version of me (lyssander) is living out the literary creation I've created (which I get the feeling involves a lot of girls).
therefore, I can't quite be certain when jesus (on the ground) is actually appearing in the timeline. to understand this quality better, I'll need to gain a little bit more information about my own lyssander, because --- I mean, I don't know it he's an apparition like old king hamlet, so he's only around while I'm asleep (cause it'd be very doubtful they would let me be lyssander consciously). I just don't know too much about this part, which is why (like my lyra theory) I suppose that physical jesus (the one that died on the cross) must have happened 1024y further into the future.
  however, in contrast to the real jesus having happened in the future, I also have a strong conviction that jesus *did* have a meeting with the romans and did demonstrate (power-display) that his body is not who *he* is, and so therefore agreed to be killed (cause he knew, like I know) that killing the body does not actually delete the person, and actually killing the body is like (opposite) real-life baptism where the physical is left behind, and then the body recreates itself from its astral/water perspective. this marked (I believe) the era of mutual-back-scratching, and I think that prolly happened only about 1kya, and happened on a different (lyra? underworld?) timeline where things move a lot faster than they do here on earth.
in short, I just don't know completely all of the pieces, and tbh, I don't much care either -- as it doesn't really make my life much different. also christianity and the church, though built upon a "false" (but then later proved to be true) narrative just to destroy a temple, also seems kinda petty.
  as an example: I hate this prophecy and narrative stuff that's telling me what I should or shouldn't be like, and don't want anything to do with it. there's no way that I'll ever claim that I'm some kind of saviour or want to follow some narrative to get some girls as a reward, cause in the end, I'm *never* going to do it exactly how vulcan wants me to do it, so there will *always* be a different version that vulcan likes better which is more suitable for their audience. I feel just as much contempt toward all those time traveling narrative spewing guys trying to couch stuff people into a really confining box, and say -- "oh, well a highly diminished version of them was *prophesied* to come, and he/she is the fullfilment of that prophecy -- so think that she/he's the limited/imaginary version, *not* the real version" -- when these mars and aphrodites show up, nobody likes a reflection, so they get stuck in a prison of deadbeats to ensure vulcans' fragile narrative isn't shown to be a complete sham.
however anyone reasons about any of the things I've written here, doesn't have any effect -- as I only know for sure that there's just no way that mainstream anything could support these ideas. you have my blessing if you want to publish any of these ideas (good luck, actually!) but I think the main difficulty here will not be proving titus as the centre of the conspiracy (just like me), but explaining how/where titus is getting these incredibly detailed narratives from -- because if it can be proven that a mars (like dudly or titus) is writing these ideas down of his own self, ass perceived by vulcan, it explains the davidic stuff for the hebrews, the apparition of the romans (and other aryan tribes), and many other historical conundrums.
I actually think this is going to be my last letter on the suject for a while. this time I introduced the idea of royal bloodlines being actually the problem that mars wants to avoid, which is probably a touchy subject, so I'm done for now... it's been great just laying out what I think. bye!

### 2023-11-03 17:02 - thoughts on mars

I decided I want to write again, but this ttime on mars: the archetype and the implementation. I'll tell you what I've figured out so far, and you'll notice there's still quite a bit of uncertainty in my research, so far.
I'd like to start in the garden-of-eden (ie, lyra/underworld/fairyland/etc), where it's like a sort of dream, and all things that are desired are produced and seemingly appear. have you ever heard about those strange stories where a guy is in the desert and wants food and water, and no sooner than thinking it, he sees something in the distance, and as they get closer, a "random" caravan full of food and drink is there, with a friendly guy that offers everything he has, good conversation, and then he just sorta leaves/vanishes. many people have considered those to be angelic encounters, but it's just the near instant manifestation of desire into reality. it happens all the time, but under those states/conditions, it happens pretty regularly; well, the garden-of-eden is like that: a state where feeling instantly manifests into reality.
  you know, before I continue, it occurs to me that this may have been how the arab invasion took place. it's fine if you're high on opium in the desert and want food and drink (along with someone willing to share), but if I'm in a rather/particularly bad mood, then the manifestation probably won't be a friendly guy in a caravan, but perhaps some theieves or raiders that seemingly appear out of nowhere (it could also explain the sicarii mentioned by josephus).
I think the biblical account is actually somewhat right as well, because (if I remember right) it makes a clear distinction between the elohim (those coming from el/saturn (which is also prospero's "arte")), and also YHWH. it occurs to m5 now that this represents the two "cardinal" directions of reality: el/saturn and the elohim represents the manifestation of the script/narrative into reality with beings that have a sort of pre-programmed goal or mission that they need to accomplish (for some that's just make other strong masculine figures (like mars and saturn) feel good). YHWH is a complete contrast to that, because he/she/it is a reflector in every since of the word.
  I correlate the narrative with the y-chromosome, and the reflective aspect with two "equally yoked" sex chromosomes (XX or YY) that are exactly opposite of each other (180(degrees) out of phase)
and so on one end of the spectrum, you have saturn/narrative pointing down to physical (when you finally hit "rock bottom" or to "give up"), and on the other end, there is narrative toward pure reflectivity -- which is basically impossible unless the person is actually reflective
  there's actually quite a bit to say about this, because narrative doesn't *EVERE* show reflective people in a good light at all, and I call this the "vulcanised reality" that we live in, and it's basically cause they don't like reflectors, cause they don't want anyone to know who they *really are* (a bad guy), and so they never want anyone to reflect someone bad (like theirselves) and have them do their own badness back to them. therefore, in taditional narratives, it's pretty hard to narratively become reflective. it's like telling you to "unprogram yourself" (lol). in reality, reality is a sort of reflector for a person, so when they reach that giving up/in (surrender) state, then they have an opportunity to go toward desire. until they finally give up/in and just let reality (YHWH) have their way with them, then they don't really ever go toward desire. they have a glass ceiling with saturn of 3rd ray (ie, only calculated-desires) and with the sun/isis they have a glass cieling of 2nd ray (ie, only multually-beneficial-desires).
the physical world is a really special place, in that if I just settle down trying to make something happen, then all desires can manifest. I actually believe that the manifestation of desire (originally narrated or not) into physical reality, *is* what causes these "falls". therefore, one only needs to be in 3d space (not time, because everything is now) in order to have the glass cieling liftted off of them.
so what I propose is happening with mars is the following: YHWH (the earth) made adam both: XX+XY; he probably had two pairs of sex chromosomes, and both of them have male and female instantiations. mars, *because he's reflective*, I believe is a male XX (MXX), meanwhile eve is a female XX. the elohim (both male and female) are XY, which when we look at the triad, would be vulcan (-5+). the reason why he's -5+ is because he emits 3rd ray symbolic stuff (ie, the limit of the narrative). the -5 just means he receives and transmits conceptually.
it is therefore, my opinion that *all* XY males are vulcans, and it is only the XX males that are really the mars (+7) types. the opposition tto mars (+7) is thoth (+7), because he's also a 7th ray emitter, representing the bottom end of the 3-7 narrative reality echocchamber (like a muffler).
  therefore, it's actaully the duty of any mars type to become either stronger at emitter reality (ie stronger/faster/better/efficient/etc) than all of the rest, which is impossible nowadays (cause of marketing and social media), or to become receptive. the problem with being a reflective person is that I'm constantly feeling obligated to fulfill the desires of someone else.
    you know this I believe has a lot of roots in tantra and what I call a "child of desire" (like moses, samsung, joeseph, etc), and so that strong sexual/creative energy is what creates the child with this narrative (Y) built in. some of these XY just feel like they need to make someone else feel good and can't let others feel good (or whatever their narrative is), and that narrative will kinda like drive their passsions uncontrollably until they finally break free from it and become reflective. the reason why tantra is so effective (and was practiced so much) is that with a reflector, the effect is a lot more powerful, because I'm getting myself back to me, and whatever I like about myself goes into the child/egregore, and everything I don't like also goes; same for my partner, so for the mars figures out there that really liked theirself, then they had fantastic kids with a good reflector. that was narratively never allowed to happen though, as vulcan is trying to hold that away from happening for as long as narratively possible. either way, the product of any interaction of creative energy produces a number of these vulcans that have a narrative that will prove myself right about how awesome I am.
  mars is about vanity though; he likes himself a lot, but constantly feels compelled to fufill the desires/fears of everyone else (according to his narrative at first, but later as a reflection, that happens in real-tim5). there's this constant pull for mars, to do/manifest the reality that everyone else wants (or at least the most significant of those around me), *or* to just worry about himself, and exchange vanity for selfishness.
  there's a reason why paris (in the days of yore) was portrayed as so flimsy, and it was because in the greek culture, if you weren't narrated, then you didn't operate properly in the culture. reflective men and women were shamed, because they liked theirselves too much.
    there's actually a lot to say on that too, because liking myself and being reflective are two totally different ideas (son temas distinctos) that tthey're not at all incompatible with each other. it's quite easy tto like myself, and also be reflective, and that's actually the goal: because reflection happens on a frequency; so, if I reflect on physical (-7), then when a person is physically charming, I am too, but if I actually like myself (meaning everything is a reflection of me), then I'm reflecting *desire* (-1), which means I'm receiving (and reflecting back) only the highest of highest frequencies -- but obviously those frequencies have lower harmonics, so I typically feel everything around me in a strong way. I'm sensitive, but not fragile. if paris could learn how to be receptive, he could do what I do. he's too busy reflecting the expectation of everyone else around him.
  I get a strong intuition that the greek culture really strongly associated boys that like themselves to be of weak and girlish nature -- and so doofs like paris, are portrayed the way they are because vulcan (who's narrative is something different) doesn't like himself. same shit for milinea.
well, that about wraps it up for this time. there's more to talk about with saturn and thoth's relationship to mars and how anatau/YHWH also has a masculine apparition that is everyone's desired/perceived mars attribute, manifest into 3d space. you know, there really isx a lot of interesting stuff happening with thoth because he's kinda like paris actually: a narrated "pretty boy". he's neither vulcan or mars entirely. ok, bbl bye!

#### 2023-11-03 18:25 - adam vs mars

adam I think had both (and so therefore would be hermaphrodite), but mars, I consider to be likely XX male -- and I think all of the original roman "gaius" where, as their culture supported a militant man with all of these "romanitic" ideas of what he can find. so, here I think it's really important to note that though the narrative exists in 2nd ray Y, *it also exists in the brain*. these guys are just robots -- a sort of insect that just figures out reality in the best way it can, believing pretty much anything -- so the cultural narrative is often just believed, because it's there (same for other religions and myths), which means these reflective boys grow up in a culture that tells them how things work in a symbolic way, and that gets impressed on the brain. the brain then turns all of those calculated-desires and real-desire into mutually-beneficial-desire (according to the cultural narrative), and so the way these guys grow up dramatically influences them.
take the example of titus: he grew up in a way that educated him in all of military expectations of the people, the brutality of it, and how to behave in the situations of those that triumph. easy peasy said the robot: I'll just study it until I know I can do it, then just do it. I'm telling you, titus is a lot like me: just pure robot.
  titus' desire comes out when the narrative tells him to be something that he doesn't want to be. for example: when I was growing up, I constantly felt like I was being pulled toward a life of being a womaniser -- and I really didn't want that; my religion didn't want that, my ultra conservative parents don't want that, etc. nobody wants me to be permiscuous, not even I. I really am like that. I really like how I feel more.
    the problem arises when the overwhelming amount of symbolically resonant with me narrative, says I have to be something different, which I simply don't want. I have a lot of good reasons for why I don't want to be relating to other people, which is mostly found in not wanting to do exactly what I'm doing now: explaining to people the way I see things. I don't want to tell anyone or to force anyone to see things like I seee them, which is impossible in a relationship. all relationships are from the 2nd ray perspective, and until I can get my brain up to 1st ray perspective, and get stable keeping it there, then I don't want relations.
  therefore, what that narrative that I (and many others) disagree with, does, is it creates a whole bunch of desire. that desire gets turned into reality in symbolically resonant ways in a way that is *unexpected* (novelty). titus just knew he needed to get rid of a temple, and (apparently) sex magick seemed like the most effective way to do it. he didn't know that all desire is reflective, so everything he wrote Out in the narrative, he later lived himself in the symbolically resonant situation.
    I hesitate very strongly at going toward any narrative, and actually (at this point), kinda shy away from entirely. whatever is going to happen is *literally* inconcievable right now. there's just no way to know how reality manifests itself when dealing with a reflection. I want to actually *be the thing I think I am* (commas matter); and so narrative is not getting the reflection.
  narrative heads toward physical, and that's the saturn->thoth dierection: just notice how even in The united states, men cannot actuallly like theirselves either, and have to pick on the insecure guy (or whatever narrative bigotry), all of tthese dead-end narratives for dudes, only land then into that giving up/in (surrender) state that finally lets them move toward desire for a bit. you know, it really is only a brief second that we're perceiving desire, because then all of the 2nd ray symbolic (but ideal) reality covers up that pure desire and paints in in a trajectory in relation to a lot of other things: no longer itself, but caught in a reality of the *observers' perception*. once thoth hits ground earth, he gets to try out mars, when as he becomes more and more reflective. that layer of "dust" covering our perception of the pure desire is the same "wool" over our eyes that's covering up the way things really are (and the cause of bad eyesight): they're concecpts that he have about reality, which simply don't vibrate in resonance with that pure desire "inner" being/body behind/inside the eyes/body.
the earth has different forms of perception each with their own ceiling, which I've come to notice them as celestial bodies: osiris is the moon, and he represents the peak anyone can go in astral (outside the eyes) perception. saturn represents the maximum one can see with inner (inside the pinecone) perception, the sun represents the maximum one can see (inside the eyes) perception, jupiter also affects prolly the pinecone a lot, and I don't really know much about him, because I don't interact there. oh, you know what: I bet jupiter affects us mostly in a non-physical way, by showing signs and symbols to us that mean something symbolically significant. yeah, I don't really care, as my life is already incredibly symbolic, I don't really care.
  it's like those people that "get lucky" all the time -- or "streamers luck" (or whatever), and they're just so normal that those "lucky" things would happen, they're not even noticeable (in a strong way anymore). I actually like having all of those symbolic things feel pretty "yeah, that's about right" to "meh" in the scale of things. I really don't care.
each of the celestial beings have an influence on the ceiling of that perception. I recommend earth personally, which makes them this mars or aphrodite figure: a perfect (non-resistant) reflection that only reflects back only the most good-feeling desire.
that about wraps it up for tonight. I think I've said too mutch actually, because I really want to find a way to get all the way to good and solid 1st ray perspective... also, the narratives mars and aphrodite are in, are painted all wrong, because the narrators don't like reflections, so they're actually writing about what *they* would be doing, if they actually liked theirselves -- and then painted in a really poor light, to ensure to theirselves, that they'll never even think about becoming one of these awful "pretty boys" that their narratives made fun of (lol). bye!

#### 2023-11-05 19:03 - why is vulcan XY

I consider the Y to be of 2nd ray, and so one can imagine the amount of "alignment" that one's Y is, with the sun's symbolic narrative. the difference between say my narrative and the sun's narrative can cause significant discomfort, and pleasure (and extra energy) if they're in alignment. essentially, this is my (genetically encoded) narrative that's different from the sun's -- which is quite different actually from the mtDNA that is involved with creating energy/ATP (though, I don't fully understand mtDNA in relation to gender).
the X for m5 is the stuff of the earth: it's pure vibration coming essentially from the centre of the planet, and these are basic machinery used to do all of the things in correspondance with our physical situation (lots of regulators), and is also responsible for creating machinery that mirrors the mental/conceptual situation, and finally is capable of turning desire (that is the stuff that we want, but don't yet have a symbolic interpretation to muddy/drown that high frequency) into both cOncepts and also physical. (brb gonna check dinner)

#### 2023-11-05 20:21 - the heat

it occured to me while I was thinking of what I just wrote after eating, and I noticed that what I just said about the Y (ie, a person's genetic narrative) being either in alignment with the sun, or not -- and that made me realise that I'm a magnificent amplifier of the suns' energy, therefore I dramatically amplify the energy coming from both the ground/earth and also the energy coming from the sun, as well. because I'm dramatically amplifying all of the Ys around me -- like big-time, and they're not too keen on it, because they don't really feel good with the sun, and so therefore experience a lot of heat -- prolly per cell, actually, because their Y isn't so much in alignment with the sun and my perception of that energy. those people liked the night time a lot more, because there, the energy is mostly only coming from the earth.
  one solution to this problem, I would imagine, would be for the earth to begin to segregate those with Ys and those that don't. those with Ys that are in alignment with the sun, will prolly go to the more sunny side of the planet, and the others to the "night side" of the planet (just like in the days of atlantis). the Y is going to be your 2-4-6 perspective which comes only from the sun, and its reflection: the moon. in the centre of this planet, there's an entity that's black and kinda stubborn, and that sort of thing, I call "saturn", not to be entirely disconfused with the planet
    the symbolic mixup of saturn (earth) and saturn (planet) is very similar to the mixup of venus (earth), and venus (moon of the sun), because they correspond to the corresponding triad of saturn and venus, along with demuzi and ereshkigal.
  , and each one of those different planetary bodies contributes to the energies that we experience, with most of them being "not physical" (like jupiter, saturn, neptune, etc) and the Y is strongly tied to the solar aspect. I think the legend goes that prometheus needed a sort of fire (Y) to get the race to have enough of a symbolic narrative to conceptualise reality, and then when that all crashed down, I think that's when XX and XY happened, because all of these now partial gods (XY) are now confined to the earth (X), and have to figure out how to (tied to the earth) get in alignment with the sun. saturn/satan is master of the underworld, because that ends up becoming the place where the sun don't shine anymore, once the planet segregates.
    I don't want to sound doomsdayie in any way, but eventually the sun side will pull toward the sun and those that aren't in alignment with it will go to the opposite side. take for example our own moon: nobody lives on the side facing the earth because the earth's energies (to them), don't feel good at all. they're more about experiencing the good-feeling energy of the sun, and not wanting to interact with the radiation that the earth puts out (which is a lot, btw). I think this is a fully natural process, and it occcurs during these "legendary" times talked about in the past. essentially, it's those that are either a mirror and those in alignment with the sun, on one side, and those that don't like the heat, on the opposite side: the dark/night side of the earth.
  not sure if segregation is the solution, but it might very well be, that only Time will eventually tell.

### 2023-11-09 23:21 - the fifth gospel

this evening, I'd like to talk about the book of revelation, because earlier this morning I figured out both steiner's "fifth gospel" and also the book of revelation. it basically goes like this: when powerful symbols are created with a lot of emotional impact, when they're translated through someone else's visual ... let me actually just say what I saw: titus is capable of transmitting images into vulcan's eyes (and by "vulcan", I mnan anyone with a Y chromosome), and that emotional feeling bubbles up to become a full blown visual/symbolic sequence that is something like a dream. steiner describes this effect pretty well in his fifth gospel lectures ("the clairvoyant" he says), and all he's doing is tuning into something in space and time, and then translating it into something visual/symbolic which is *meaningful to the clairvoyant* -- but it's not *what actually happened*. it occured to me that the book of revelation I believe was "comissioned" by titus (though john didn't know it), and is essentially just translating the sex magick sequence that titus underwent to take down the temple.

### 2023-11-10 00:44 - deus ex machina

the other thing I want to point out (besides how much more terse I am when I haven't taken any drugs), is that narratives often write themselves into a corner, and then they need a sort of saviour or "deus ex machina" to come and bail out a bad narrative. the problem with this is that there isn't a narrative which can satify all people. it's simply not possible, so when these deus ex machinas (mars) symbols show up, they're unable to perform the narrative feat they've been attracted/narrated to perform, so ultimately they have to *destroy* (or undermine) the narration that manifested them in the first place. as an example, I can imagine that titus really didn't like the temple there at all, and found it to be something that needed to go, so he destroyed it.
  as an example to this idea, I feel roughly the same way regarding hollywood. sure, the vulcans writing the scripts for that industry manifested me and stuff, but I really don't want anything to do with it. quickly before I move on: I have no intention of destroying hollywood or anything like that because I feel they're super (self-)misguided and don't actually know what they want -- which is totally fine. keep pumping out those narratives until the mars which can actually perform the impossible for them (ie, make them actually like theirselves) to show up. I personally believe that such a mars does not, and cannot ever exist, so the best they can get is a thoth/mercury, which is narrated to appear as such. it's all an illusion though, and they're only teasing theirselves with their own fantasies.
because such a "deus ex machina" can never come and actually make the narrative ideal to actually manifest, a different method is required: what can actually satisfy all people is not going to be something symbolic, but instead something resonant. for something symbolic to work, everyone has to be "on the same page" (reading/believing the same fiction), but something that resonates with a lot of people, works for a lot of people, which is the opposxite of narrative. narrative says "these are the good/bad guys, and these are the good/bad things" -- which is very restricting, because such a (super-symbolic) mars (resonating with everything everyone has desired) cannot be the wanted thing for everyone. that mars is there for the poor and elites alike, just like the rain (and laws of physics) works for the just and unjust alike. therefore, such a manifestation of mars (who is really the earth) is *always* going to be personal and specific to the attractor. there never has been and never can be a mars that satisfies all things for all people.

### 2023-11-11 08:48 - senmut and joeseph

hi again (perhaps I have more to talk about than I thought), tonight I want to provide another example of this phenomenon that I claim solves the jesus problem, the shakespere debate and also my present situation: senmut was a real guy and he did some really impressive things,
  just look at the stonework for hatshupsut's tomb and all of that impressive marblework to make the obelisks and stuff. this is a guy that is mechinanically gifted, and judging by the stonework, he had (I claim) powerful psychic abilities that he could transform and mould stone by using his mind and his eyes. it's astrally powered, and the pyramids at that time was augmented in a way that they output much more than they do now, so people with that ability to see images in their eyes and project those images into 3d space (like the romans and their excellent marblework), could perform these shapes with their minds. if I had my eyes unblocked, I could demonstrate it, but nosebook is very interested in my *not* getting that ability. senmut was a very powerful guy, able to levitate things and also himself, again using only his mind. the ability comes from a lack of resistance, and his lack of resistance came mostly from good conditions that egypt has. everyone in egypt has the same conditions, but it's only the ones that can see what they want to see which those conditions became available.
but most of all, senmut was a really upstanding guy -- and I (well, it comes to m5 like memory does) remember that hatshepsut's husband (vulcan) was quite a jealous guy, thinking that mars/senmut is sleeping with his wife. senmut never did, and enjoyed a wonderful platonic relationship with hatshepsut. she (like queen elizabeth did for dudly), reflected him, and so displayed quite a bit of strength. as a result, (because she couldn't get him tto sleep with her) he was awarded her daughers, which were the product of the ugly jealous guy and her. my thoughts go cloudy on this one, because in some cloud the daughters are a narrative nightmare for him, another one there's only one daughter and she narratively turns senmut into a god, and another one yet where she/they are a reflection of him also -- so like their mom, which was not at all desirable to the vulcan priesthood.
that about wraps it up for this time. there are likely many more of this triad showing up throughout history, so as an unknowingly unnatural (and unethical) historian, I'll try and find another example soon. bye!
