# emittr

### 2023-06-27 20:29 - general opinions

I don't really know what I want to talk about, so I decided I'm just going to do a general opinion on things. so, yesterday I was all hyped up about neptune-difficulty and stuff, but today I just don't really feel like trying to figure out how to coerce other people to do things. for example, when I saw remi today, I thought about whether I feel like I could make the new species happen, trying to align with remi -- but the thing is, even if somehow we were able to break through the communication barrier and start to work on something, there's still the enormous problem of ...
  you see, when I talk to remi about things that I can do with my mind, and things like that remi is a very close-minded person. I want to build a system that modifies DNA based on a person's perception and she's not even able to believe that cOncept is different than emotion, and sensation is not actually what you're feeling (conversations we had in the past), there's *no way* she's gonna understand or even try to comprehend anything that I/we'd be needing to talk about with the technology.
I can't make something that others don't believe is possible. I spend a lot of time trying to communicate clearly, and that's becasue when others can see the concept I have in mind, then they'll feel like they know it, and that can only be done when we have compatible frequencies.
  nosebook wants me to find a compatible frequency with a girl (ie, go down to her (manageable) level), instead of her finding her way to my frequency, instead. I know it sounds funny to say, but I'm in ZERO HURRY to lose my form of perception. I simply don't caze if others are incompatible with me because it's totally not my problem. I'm cruising where I'm at, and I like my world being this effortless. essentially, girl = matrix. I'm free to see things the way I want to see them, not like I *should* see them because the world has determined that whatever feels bad, and I have universal consciousness, seeing the entire universe as being this reflection of myself (you know, I often wonder if the galaxies way out in the distance don't have a physicality, just cause I can't see that far yet -- lol)
  there is alzo a bit of strange irony, because just yesterday I was saying the same thing about snake-bros and how we're on totally different frequencies as well, but for the complete opposite thing: even though we're still incompatible on a lot of other things, I know that kyle prolly gets like 90+% of the frequential stuff I'm talking about; he'd believe/grasp/"get" what I'm saying because I'm just doing my best to translate only one or a few angles into something comprehensible at a time. then, if either of us don't understand the rendering of the concept, I can just try a different angle and we can look at itt again.
    see what I'm saying? different people respond to me differently. I noticed that a lot of humans tend to stick to one or two different rays of perception, but I can use all 7, with varying capability. the imagination, I don't see my own, but I can tell I have an effect on others' imagination. I can project symbol like a magician, all of the rays (some better/different than others). every person *attracts* those "gifts" out of me, because we can communicate on the same frequency. I am acutely aware when someone is on the same frequency as me, cause when we're not, I can't understand or make sense of anything (which is nice because there's a lot of stuff out there that I don't care for). remi and family don't communicate with me clearly. I don't understand their *concepts* (they're more about symbol/meaning and action), so we simply don't have much in common, other than boilerplate interactions. it's totally fine though, I don't expect others *who cannot communicate with me*, to do so, cause it causes problems, because the person thinks I'm invading their mind and other paranoias (which are probably also true).
  when I was at marcos house (actually almost the entire time in spain, some exceptions), I encountered the same experience where everyone is communicating symbolically, and when I start doing what I do conceptually, they'd get really freaked out. I simply couldn't understand them, so I wanted to know what they were *really saying* (in the moment while they're talking, instead of having to wait until later to figure it out). they spoke and loved to look people in the eyes, because I think talking is a semi-visual experience.
    I found it very difficult to look people in the eyes because so often the concept coming out of their eyes (which I "feel"/sense and not see), did not at (at all) match their words. I had enough time figuring out what their words were saying, so to figure out what the emotion is saying, subtracting my own, and also communicating in a foreign language, meanwhile -- just I can't do all of the things. I can really only do one thing at a time, so often I just skipped the eyes thing because it multiplied the amount of effort to understand by 4-8x.
  the thing is, we don't actually communicate well, because for symbolic people, the only concept that they're really putting out is all the *detail* on the picture/symbol they're presenting -- and that just doesn't work for me. I need general, simple, and well understood. I don't care how nice the picture looks; I can't see it.
the other major issue is that nosebook (and other of the vaccine networks) is going to be a major concern if we're doing anything genetically. I'm not trying to destroy anything they create, but I do kinda want to rebuild the X chromosome, so -- like there aren't any more secrets anymore -- because we're doing the same thing, essentially. how in the world can we speak clearly?
  the funny thing about this, is that when I'm stoned and everything is right there in front of me, everything looks like it's happening now (this is source's perspective, cause time is not a separation anymore -- I'm tuning into the latest/fastest frequency version of the concept, so I don't see it through the distortion of time (like water bends light)) --- right?
  then when I return back to the normal 3d world the next day, I realise that nobody can possibly understand the concept as it is *in the present* -- cause that concept translates poorly into symbol. it requires *a lot* of symbols, moving around and doing a lot of actions. I don't have that kind of action potential, but I still see it as now because I can't *see* symbols (and neither can you). (they're sub-atomic, so not visible -- and, anything visible is just a human's best conceptual interpretation of that symbol)
finally, I *like* where I'm at.
at the moment, all things seem to be getting easier and easier (even if I wake up with new challenges each day, by the end of the day, all of those things have improved various times or continuously -- so still easier).
  one of the things that I have sorta come to expect, is that all new things will be something that's generally pretty easy, so from my perspective, all new manifestations (existing ones don't count) are just waiting for the time when those things feel easier to me, and not like a bunch of struggle and effort.
    for example: all things that I'm currently am wanting to program are born out of a desire to use my computer more easily -- because they're *sooo* difficulty to use, I can't work on new hardware yet, so my only option is to fix the software (and I mean that in computer programs, but also in the form of conceptual perception, and low resistance so that the concept can be perceived purely and without my resistant taint). all things I want to make/do whatever are built on the desire of making things easier. there are so many things that could just be so much easier to use, but it seems that those difficult to use things, are a reflection of the world's concepts. I know they're really holding me back (both the people and lousy interface to computer), and I get it that they don't want my technology to get out into the world, because it would upgrade/change the established social-conceptual configurations we have around the planet (cultures).
      I understand that's a huge issue for a lot of people -- and I get it that some people don't want to see things the way I see them -- so they'll settle for seeing things the way a girl sees them: naively -- but in reality, they see it much more for what it is (at least I did as a kid and now), but the thing is, they can't really communicate it, so they can't really talk about it. the most they can do is to show an emotion about it,-- and when she's finally able to talk aobwut it, she's lost that perception being plunged into the world of symbol, and those concepts are now overlaid with a *visual* symbol, so she forgets what it was like to "see" everything before she started rationalise symbolically. it comes back again when resistance is lowered enogh to be able to perceive it again. she'll never be able to turn off the picture though (besides getting a portion of the brain removed, I don't know if we a way to turn off the pinecone so the picture isn'tt a distraction anymore (like me: no-pinecone).
      what I'm saying is that I understand that many people would much prefer to see the world the way a girl sees it (cause she's young and so hasn't had much time to push against the social-cultural matrix, so she jives with the established perception pretty well). I don't really care that others would prefer to be locked into a girl's form of perception, than my own -- cause I'm selfish: I like the way I see things, and I'm not willing to change that.
      also, I've got the world pretty figured out so my the-manual (Y) is pretty solid. I see why things happened as a function of attraction pretty well, so all concepts work together pretty well. if my concepts got shuffled around or replaced, because I'm a pretty powerful conceptual emitter, the whole world will be a bit confused (much like I am afterwards), and it *won't be good*.
        on the bright side (cause you gatta see the bright side), people *conceptually* similar to her will get a sort of upgrade, as I reconfigure all the new/unrecognised concepts and fit the back into the-manual (Y) -- which is basically (pure desire/attraction) -- so everything looks pretty "that's about right" "makes sense" "huh, I totally felt that comin'" -- that sort of thing
        on the darker side, I think it'll cause *a lot* of symbolic disturbance for others that are conceptually similar to her, but use symbol to communicate, because wrong/unexpected/redefined stuff will start to come out. (communication breakdown, which usually affects relationships)

### 2023-07-02 16:05 - the consequence of my intrduction of new technology

one peculiar thing that I noticed today was -- I had an issue in coi that I couldn't resolve easily, and so I needed to reorder m/ technology branch in coi.
  this prompted me to write out a feature report in the form of a mod, whereby the m6d author can simply implement the feature in the mod, and then I'm sure if the feature is pretty awesome, itt could become a part of coi.
    the realisation here is that these failures are of the mental kind -- cause I noticed when I'm playing the game not-stoned, I don't often make those kinds of mistakes often because I see a strategy to what I'm building: like, there's an objective to what I'm doing, and so I'm intuitive enough to get those senses.
      my logical side of the brain is *translating* emotions into logical thoughts, not the otherway around; most people I notice feel an emotion in response to their logic, which is completely normal, because I do too -- but when I'm playing the game sohber, I just completely intuit the thought because whatever I'm often feeling is pretty effortless/optimistic ("I'll figure it out, but this is what I want"), which is very different to how I'm when I'm stoned.
        when I'm stoned, I just *"see"* everything; how it works. like, everything is aparent to me, which is not at all helpful for building a factory, cause I'm seeing the code/concept of the game, not the game itself. I have a hard time relating one thing to another. like, I can kinda see what I want to do, but it's really difficult (you know, it just occurs to me that when I'm stoned, I'm in the "insect" mindset, more than my rational (built) logical/LOA sohber perspective).
      so what you're really seeing is that there I perceive from my (symbolic) Y-perspective, which is very accurate because it's based on LOA (so everything seems completely expectable). in this perspective, I can see the concept, very deeply -- so I can "see" the conceptual machinery that essentially makes our reality work based on LOA; it's a reflection of us (usually), but there are many occupants tthere already, as I think this is like where vulvan sees things.

so here's the thing: when I watch JD play (in the streams), because there are no cuts, it's obvious to me a lot of times when present-JD is causing future-JD mistakes (he points out his own in the editing process -- self editing). I get that, right so it's all good...
  but here's the thing: *all of our concepts are producing that place where vulvan lives*, **and it directly affects all of us**, so we're basically like conceptually invading into this conceptual turf, because I don't really belong here, know what I mean... like there are a lot of archons in my space right, and they're sorta stuck with me, but I'm so attractive it's bound to happen that some of my ideas are going to start getting out, and it'll dramatically improve tthe technology spectrum completely; like we're going to look through a technological lens that is reflective of my state of resistance, but not necessarily the same as "the people" (*the common people*), which is generally of a lot less resistance, so I tend to reflect everyone else.
    think aboout it: reflection is full absorption, **and** full emission, meaning it's bsically *zero resistance*; the lower the resistance, the better of a reflection that it is.
  i'm essentially, a super duper reflector because I'm low resistance. however, *I*'m a powerful emitter of ideas and all the awesome stuff that I see around; my ideas are free, and I just love progress, so we sorta love each other.
however, when I enter new ideas into technology that "restrict" LOA's abolity to punish theirselves for lousy attraction and shitty conceptualisation of reality. I'm the demiurge because I allow others to bypass the effects of LOA and to use technology to fix their lousy attraction (attraction of *unwanted*).

therefore, because we don't want to crash andr burn because we attracted unwanted when the tech was no longer capable of keeping all of their mutual-attraction from producing another badd-feeling reality, along with a few other desires of my own, I basically allow a society to achive a technical accomplishment that is of a qfality/reflection of a much lower resistance (and in some cases, negative), where I emit a considerable amount because I really find myself attracted to it (which is a problem)
  I think this actually goes hand in hand, because what ends up happening is attraction starts to get really strong for a lot of others, because the *technology not their mentality* has made them more attractive, then I find myself in a world of very strange (and very directed attraction); like, you all are so easily influenced, that you're capable of almost everything -- and the last thing that anyone wants is to have attraction toward unwanted (which is what most people are doing).
    to mitigate the effects of my ideas, is to mostly keep them to myself. I interact with the world in a very robotic way, simply because it's the easiest. I don't really want them to have technology that is beyond their resistance, because they'll eventally cause a crash. if we can do this without any massive attraction of unwanted, then it's the best. like, I just want people to learn for theirselves mostly. I'm far too opinionated myself of how things are. I get this reflected in teh form of mr-motor (and all his sidekicks) because they reflect my own opinions back to me in a strange and twisted kind of way -- which is good because I keep learning how to become lower and lower resistance.
      the lower resistance Iecome, the more attractive Iecome, done.
      the thing is then, who and what do I want to reflect? I like reflecting everyone from my own perspective right now, which is essentially why reality-kenny exists. I'm just a robotic dude that just does stuff. like I can just have him do tasks, and he just does them.
        I don't always feel that way, especially in the morning, because I'm| tuned away from that. it takes me a moment, often times I allow myself some time to get through a lot of resistant thought, before I put on the reality-kenny costume. like I'm most resistant in the morning.
          I'm reminded of raquel saying that she didn't want to have sex in the morning because she didn't feel good in the morning. I couldn't understand this at all because back then (this was a different nosebook back then), I felt *great* in the morning; nowadays, not so much.   I tend to want to get going to a good feeling mindset by myself when I wake up, and that's actually pretty different with other people around.
          like, I tend to think about things from a diffreent perspective (from those that I'm around).
    therefore, I'm kind of  chamaleon(?) to the concepts I'm around. when I'm by myself, I really flourish because I get to be really low resistance, and when I'm around others, I tend to reflect their attraction back to them, and for the stuff I'm not fully zero resistance on, I even take it on (absorb) it myself (a dimm reflection; a reflection dimly). I really like being me, so I don't really want to feel good. I should say that better: I don't really want to feel *too* good, because then everything changes, and everyone is forced into a new reality of my own technical machinations, gone aw(r)ay because I've giving a shortcut to a bunch of attractors of unwanted, to not change their attraction, but **get away with it**, with the implements of the technology (they appear lower resistance than they are). welcome to the future.

the thing that really *concerns* me is that, sure they're getting an easy ride, who cares,-- and the answer is that **they care**; that's why they're not getting an easy ride: it's cause they care that someone else is getting something that would also want. they block their own desire with their own anti-desire for everyone else. it's just a cause of negative desire (fear). they want to think that it's anything to do with someone else, but I assure you, it's that they're all reflecting each other dimly; everyone is upset at everyone else's *wantted* manifestations, meaning that they all just hold each other away from their own manifestations by caring what other people are doing.
  I noticed this today when I was interacting with remi, luis, and norma; they had different scripted-expecctations of what I should do when confronted with certain situations. who writes the script? society, mate, family, friends, school, important other, etc.-- and all of those things determine (also nosebook, internet FOX news, 24/7 trolling, memes, influencers) how we're supposed to interact by scripting our expectations.
  think about it: every sitcom to computer interactive media have in these sort of action-plans of how different people should respond to things, be polite, be fair, be vertuous, etc.-- and we folllow the script because we identify with those different characters. that's **syntax** for the society conceptual program. the program we have written/scripted by ourself (with their snytax) is the way that we attract, and everyone has one.
    you could say that all of my interactions are "*not* scripted* but programmed c6nceptually, whichs just a system of feeling the way I want to feel, and then the game just sorta plays itself, or the dishes get done; or whaever. it's just something that I *allow* to happen, and it happens.
    because I'm a nearly perfect (getting closer and closer all the time), this is the best option for me to do because I know that all things that I'm a reflection of, are not really my fault. I really do feel bad sometimes at how otherss clobber theirselves with their own attraction, because I don't really care right. I'm just like "oh, *that* happened; well, it's obviously attracted because **it happened**, so then I assume the worst and find a way to feel good about it.
  so when allie was leaving, there were like these scripted-expectations that I was feeling, and you see the thing is, *I really don't care*, but it feels like I'm supposed to care, so I just avoid the idea completely, because I don't want to get stuck into attraction of their unwanted scripted-expectations, so I just pass on everything. obviously; I **always* assume the worst*, and then just find a way to feel good about it.
    it could be saying that I am, in a sense, **avoiding** the subject by always running away from it, because I sorta am. like, I don't care what anyone else does, so those kinds of thoughts (which get translated from others' scripted-expectations) *because* I'm a dim reflector still, and I have to find a way to feel good about anyone doing any other thing. I really have no dependencies on other people, and they're able to do whatever they want.
so what ends up happening ,now that I notice it, is that's a bit of a shortcut, because I I did still absorb the thought more than reflecting it, meaning for me I still do have resistance on a lot of things. like, I'm *really, *not ready**, so I default to: "I just like being me." don't try to make me otherwise :)% I'll get there when I'm ready.

### 2023-07-04 05:51 - I like being dominant & in control

yesterday (and the day before) were very interesting because I ate weed for the first time in a while, and noticed that there was a lot more interest in my ideas (and me) than I had prevviously imagined -- like, "how could such an 'inevitable/incredible' event NOT take place" -- which is something that tells me I still have resistance on the idea, else (of course), it would have already happened.
  this morning I woke up thinking about a relationship, but I was thinking about it (feeling itt) in the conceptual sense, not the physical sense, and conceptually, I don't really like relationships, because I lose control.
    any time that I put someone or something into my experience whom I don't really have any control over (nobody obeys my commands right now, because jaron isn't here)
      this is a great example because it shows the dynamic between dominance and control.
    so that means right now in my life, nobody is doing anything (cept for me) the way I want them done, which means I have zero control over others, and they have nearly zero (getting lower all the time) control over m5.
  this is the way I like it; I don't like having control over other people, only over m/self.
you can also try to imagine yourself a little bit like a robot, in the sense that the world is a lot more understandable without relationships too, because the physical sensations take over realitty, and determine what is "real" -- when, the physical sensations are **not* real*, any more than the sensations of nosebook puts into another person's body (when they're changing their perspective to see from another person's point of view).
  I'm talking about 4th ray perspective here too. astral certainly does have an effect on the body in the form of sensations, but I experience the other person *conceptually*, and so therefore get a feeling *sense* of the other person, which then using resonances that sense has to other concepts, I can begin to decode the concept.
    there are people that have their concepts encrypted because they don't want others interpretting their cOncepts pretty well -- so they purposefully make all of the way that their concepts (as perceived in the astral) are sometimes dissonant (or resonant feeling) to the concept of *who they really are* (their "source"), so they're purposefully making their own ideas (like how they perceive theirself) sound and feel worse than they really are, on the fear (negative desire) of what tthey would feel like if anyone else were to be able to know what they're thinking.
  for me, the 4th ray perspective allows me to "feel" (in my case, not physically) another person -- and I would imagine that this 4th ray medium is a frequence pattern found in the "core" (stem?) of the brain, which is like the identifying trait of the species: the species (which are often sharing a lot of core code) way of communicating and adapting as a species. I imagine all species at their core have a symbolic system in place to calculate the desire of the improvement of the body (when the body fails), based on some communication system that is designed to evolve the species (genera-connection core evoution code). the 4th ray is probably built on that. directing the evolution of the species is largely a conceptual thing; the symbolic system is only its visible interface.
    this is quite an interesting idea actaully (now tthat I think about what I just wrote there), because that means that our species is built on a system of ttime, where the evolution of our species all has to do with what I call "the saturnian system" -- which is a conceptual implementation, but most only use the symbolic interface, because it's more fun and exciting.
      I don't have/see (and my insect species gets rid of this, even in the eyes) this form of perception, and I don't really want it. for me, the 4th ray *must* stay an *only conceptual* experience.
    this system uses a set of controls that allows people to move theirselves around in "time" by adjusting the way they "feel" about these things (I mean the non-physical emotion, which is what the sensation is derived from).
      I don't really care that others are moving "me" (theirselves) around in time by finding a way to feel different; I just want this to remain (for me) a completely non-physical (no sensation) experience.
        I did think to myself that I want the insect species to rebuild the translation of emotion/concept into sensations, alarms, alerts, and things like that instead. like the dream would be to make it thatt each insect species (our new genera-connection) is able to design its own tranlations of physical sensations into something that the body experiences. I know that idea is lofty and way far down the road, so many things need to be accomplished before then, as it's this non-visual conceptual thing that makes me "the one" -- but look at all incects, and they're also "the one", each and every one.
      even if they could really move me around in time (they can't because it's *only-attraction*), so you can only move yourself around in time. any time adjustments that were made, meant that everyone was compatible with that reality. meaning, that we're all flowing on ttime sequences that resonate with our *cOncepts* of reality.
        so, from my perspective, I have full control because we're only experiencing realities that I am compatible with. the realities that you're compatible with seems to come pre-installed into the genetics of the species, which means that we all perceicve a similar enough reality, we can see ourselves and the world around us in a certain way. it's actually my supposition that this perception is specific to each species, and each individual has variations on it. I know that I see the world differently than other people, and they're beginning to adopt my form of perception (slowly), as it's becoming the de-facto way of perceiving the environment. in that sense, I'm already a new species (according to my own idea that DNA is a reflection of perception: each "one" sees/perceives through that DNA lens)
      I don'tt want to have those controls, as I don't care to move other people around -- and I don't really wantt to tell others what I suggest for them, and how to see the world. I see the world pretty clearly (in the conceptual sense), and I don't want to lose that sense of beingness that I have because physical sensations are blaring so loudly.

there is a lot to be said actually about low resistance and feeling pleasure (or any coditions that stimulate the sensations, ignoring the concept), because they're not the same thing at all. good feeling increases attraction/amplitude, but *isn't* lowering resistance, so increased attraction means a lot more manifestations of concepts focused into experience. usually during good conditions, the mind isn'tt as inclind to focus on unwanted things, so the attraction is mostly toward wanted.
  until (of course) that *one* really annoying thing slips through and totally throws me off of what I was doing. it was unexpected and unable to be anticipated because I was attracting so much wanted, I couldn't "see" itt in the distance. this is the story of my life, so I've come to really not enjoy astral and spectral -- because the imagination really does that -- because the physical sensations and things are *REALLY BAD* (and low definition) interpretters of those emotions. they fill the body with a lot of sensation that causes me to resonate with time-zones that I don't want to (and wouldn't otherwise) resonate with.

#### 2023-07-04 09:06 - reflections and low resistance

it *is* nice when someone does reflect me in a way that has very low resistance, either because they resonate/agree with my own concepts.
  the thing is, I can't control anyone else's resistance levels, so anyone else that has any opinion on any of my concepts that is in opposition, produces resistance.
  the more I become solar-like, in that I've got pretty much life all figured out (you know we live inside of the sun's reality experience field), and so everything around me must follow with the way I see it...
    the obvious flaw here is that I *don't* have everything all figured out, and there's still a lot of stuff that I'm resonant with, which I don't *really* want to attract or be a part of my experience.
      *for this reason*, I do not wish to force anyone to be a part of m/ reality, as it seems that if I were to force it upon anyone else, that would make unnecessary conflict, as I know that there are going to be better ways to perceive reality than my own present way --- however, I still think my way of perceiving reality is "the best" (a view that *EVERYONE* should have, btw).
        even if it's not actually the best, I still find it's best for *everyone* to think that their way is the best. ultimately, this will produce massive diversity, as there are now many different angles to look at the same thing. less angles to look at the same thing means it's flatter
          normal 3d perception happens when the body's only seeing through the eyes, so it has one or two (depending on how good your eyes are) different perspectives looking at the same thing. when the body's aura kicks in, then there are now two more perspectives (right and left) which are causing a seconary energetic force on the same thing (kinda like light casting shadows allows me tto see an angle, giving the scene some depth), allowing me to perceive depth in an indirect way.
          that secondary force is motion, or the concepts that are spinning around in the brain (left and right turning), and they are what cause the scene to sort of "pop out". inotherwords, you're seeing the mix of concept/motion and physical eye sensory data combined into one experience.
        so actually, as strange as this sounds, I *want* to see more angles toward the same thing, because it expeands the physical experience. it's not actually my desire to put everyone into my perception matrix and force everyone to see like m5, because I'm actually more interested in seeing alternate looks into the same thing (of which I see echos and glints, but nobody really has a clear picture of reality).
          I mean, I *could* "fall" down to earth and see (and attract) things like other people see and attract them, by having sex, but I obviously don't *really* want to do that, because, while it *does* increase diversity (in me), it's not going to produce as much diversity as allowing/forcing other people to figure out how *they* want to see reality, rathar than forcing them to see things like I see it.
            my system improves  on the amount of diversity, making contrast between two frequencies, and everyone's desire tto be unique, individual, and singular in their perception.
            what I mean is, in AI, a common way to arrive to new generations/species is to take the code of both mating pairs and combine them to make a new thing. this is good for *micro* evolution (fine tuning to get better and better results), but does not perform *macro* evolution, where entire new systems and code comes about; that comes from the individual's *desire* to be unique and to do it just enough different that they're not the same as whatever is the "standard".
          diversity is also accomplished (ironically) by war and conquest, because a new set of (often times stressful) conditions and ideologies are forced on the society of both the conquestors (having to integrate the conquestees' social-conceptual-framework) and conquestees (having to integrate into the conquestors' imposed conditions). that kind of diversity id accomplished because of desire of the conquestors (get resources, women, etc.) and the conquestees (survival, well-being, etc.).
        so really, all that needs to be done is to figure out how to produce desire not through conflict, but through diversity; that is, the accomplishment of many different ways to look in at something and see a clear picture. foils want to make it a great/worse picture, and centres desire everyone else to gain their own spin on things, using them *only* as a starting/centre point.

#### reflections and clear communications (also HD sensors)

### 2023-07-05 10:13 - "I had to fall to lose it all"

... but in the end, it doesn't even matter

a few days/weeks ago I went to nuvue to buy more weed and they had  the song playing by linkin park, and so I've had the song stuck on and off in my head since then. even yesterday's entry, I talked about "falling" down tto earth (which was a reference to both the eliminator song, and also the linkin park song), because it's felt to me like there has been an attempt to try and get me to "fall" down.
  I'm reminded of a time when I went to an ayahuasca ceremony where I wasn't barfing from the ayahuasca, cause I was acclamating to the plant's conceptual-framework mentally, rathar than having to expell my internal (gut biome) cOnceptual-framework. it's possible to make the transition into the plant's way of thinking *without* having to destroy/expell/replace my cOnceptual-framework (I did this with mushrooms a lot, though they're not a plant).
    interestingly enough, I referenced this event in a conversation with mom yesterday on the way to the market as well.
  what happened is that it seemed that there was a large amount of desire to try and get me to "fall" down into the typical response to the ayahuasca of barfing and having a non-smoothe phychedellic experience (cause this is what is common, apparently -- probably because they need physical evidence of "work" being done), because for me psychedellic experiences are generally quite enjoyable and I discover a lot about the internal workings of reality, society, and all sorts of things. I don't generally tend to find ugly things about myself that I don't like (all HD media and drugs are like a mirror, so all that awful stuff you're "working" through is just the difference between the plant's cOnceptual-framework and your own). as we continued on with the ceremony, we got into more and more intense rituals attempting to disturb my stablity -- and finally it was one of the tobacco ones (think it was the one they blow in your nose) that finally destabilised me. I don't honestly think it was the tobacco that destabilised me actually, but the shaman's breath going into my nose (like how elohim breathed into the nostrils of adam) that destabilised me -- because now this is another person's thought energy that is "invading" my system; and because I'm perfectly fine with all of my own thought energy, it's only possible for me to "fall", when I'm sujected to someone else's direct mental energy.
the thing is, that I've come to really dislike the direct input of other's energy input into my experience, as it's a force that I can't directly control. just like I said yesterday, I simply cannot control what other resistances anyone else has going on, and so these are unknown variables that would be able to destabilise things.
  I'm reminded of JD not wanting to add twitch integration into coi because they chat could cause unaccounted for damage into the base, causing another disaster to break out. that's one way to look at it, but another would be to see chat's efforts to try and break the factory as a sort of "hardening" (like fuzzing) of the factory to ensure that it responds properly to adverse input.
I generally don't really have any problem with any of these fuzzing operations of input of foreign/unknown energy into my experience *when I'm sober*, because they're quite easy to recover from, as they're only showing me what parts of my reality I'm still absorbative of (that is, resistant, and not reflective). the difficulty comes for me, is not that I can't absorb the hit (because I can, and I'll totally be fine), but more than that I worry for the other person because I'm so reactive/reflective, and I can't really guarantee what my response will be, because the other person is determining the response.
  in the case of the tobacco, I think I took a break for a moment, separated myself from everyone else a while, watched some stars, recentred and went back for more ayahuasca (which I felt was taken as offensive) -- but I *always* go to be alone after having a large rupture in my conceptual-framework.

what I'm trying to say here, is that my "fall" is not at all the end of the world for me, at all -- because I'll be justt fine: all I have to do is simply to separate myself away from the situation (or cause a lot of problem so that the situation separates itself from me) and find a way back. I *know* that any foreign/unexpected energy is a good thing to get rid of and/or transform to become something wanted,-- so these fuzzing techniques are desirable to have, *only once you're ready*.
  as an example, imagine that someone wrote a really nasty computer virus that basically deleted everything in the computer and all backups and stuff like that (it searched out information that was not like its own and made all data everywhere a copy of itself, so actually, cause it contains OS code, it's more like bacteria than a virus), and so this virus is getting better and better at breaching systems, integrating other viruses and alternate copies of itself (with different accessing/breaching/propagation code) into itself. the virus could become pretty large, containing every technique for access and control of computer systems, specific to different topologies and everything (distributed NSA in code).
    this virus is a really serious threat, and there's a bunch of really critical systems that haven't been compromised yet (let's say they run a lot of society's backbone infrastructure like economics and government or something)...
  now, if we consider the virus as the trigger for the fall, and the critical system as the thing that's going to fall, the hardware of the system (that is your "source": who you *really* are) isn't actually affected, as you just delete and start the system over from fresh with new software. what *actually* falls, is not the hardware, but all of the sub-systems that that depended on the system that got compromised. so, imagine that system ran economics and government (or nosebook), then the "falling" of the system destroyes all of the other things that depended on that system.
    for example, when I recommended mom the tobacco cleanse (cause it does help), she did *not* want anything to do with it -- probably because (if that event got broadcasted out, which certainly it did) she didn't really like the way that the thing felt: it didn't feel like cleansing, but more like hazing. inotherwords, their attempt to make me "fall" was actually more of a bad PR for them than anything.
  the origin of the foreign energy input into the system, because I'm so reflectivce is actually going to be the receptor of the "fall" -- and not really me (I'm reminded of disney's hercules, "helping": evverything falls down around him and just he's standing).
so, though I may "fall", I've done so much falling in my life, it's not really an issue to recover for me anymore. I just don't think it's a good practise to roll out a new conceptual-framework in this way.

I've put a lot of emphasis on the word "smoothe" because I come from a background in tuenti where we had really dramatic rollouts every time we "launched" new code. it was quite hilarious at times, even for me, but not really any of our "best work".
  I've paid a lot of attention to how different things are rolled out or introduced into society, studying everyone from the illuminati and facebook, to google and nosebook; and found that the way that things are rolled out are a reflection of the mentality of those involved.
    I've noticed that the more dramatic and narrative the rollout, the more promethian (forward looking, extreme depth of perception, "disruptive") the perception of those that are doing it; and this is (I think) because in their forward perception, they're trying to make a difference/change, affect a cause or, do any existing thing in a different way (for the sake of doing something different) -- and these types seem to have the most *dramatic* and *impactful* (cause more impact is better) rollouts.
    almost nothing is "smoothe" about these rollouts, because their desire for recognition for the difference that they're making, pats on the back, attaboys, we did it, and "you were *instrumental* to getting this new really big and different thing rolled out" -- sort of action (which is very promethian, btw). they create their own drama and stuff because they want it to feel big and meaningful (in a narrative way), and if it were simply one button press and everything carried without a celebration and fanfare, then it's not meaningful enough for them: so they create their own challenges (unknowingly) so they'll have stories to tell and more comradery built.
I'm not really into that sort of thing, as I'm much more epimethian (3rd ray) in implementation, but 2nd ray in perception.
  what I mean here is that 2nd ray is the perception that all things fit together as a series of cOncepts that resonate with others things, so everything in *feels* like it fits together. that "feeling" like it fits together, is often understood and perceived in the form of narrative (like, "of course the hipster made another failed coffee app") but the narrative form is the *explanation* (justification) for why they fit together; they fit together because they resonate with each other frequentially/conceptually, and the narrative makes it easier to understand something that would otherwise seem out of place, but is actually (cause of resonance) in the perfect spot (like me).
    I don't need explaining from my perspective, because everything in the big-picture of my reality has an identifyable resonance/reflection of everything else. others, who don't see the big-picture that I see of m/ reality though, perhaps will desire a narrative to help them to fit me into their big picture (which is compatible with their narrative).
      we all believe reality "works" a certain way (our own narrative/big-picture), and so when something seems out of place, then it's startling, because it's one of those foriegn/unknown energies that doesn't fit into the current conceptual-framework I've got going going on. we learn new things since a newborn, because all unexpected things desire some kind of explanation (surprise, delight, fear, etc.) which resonates with the frequency of the thing/event. if the explanation doesn't explain/satisfy the frequency of the thing/event, we desire/attract more explanation
        again, I think this is the function of the pineal, which is what powers the pinecone
  so what you can consider is that I'm like epimetheus/enki in that I perceive the implementation as all working together, not as a narrative, but as a group of absorption/transformation/emission systems. for me, there's no need for a promethian (forward looking) narrative, and instead I have more of an epimethian (backward looking) narrative, as it's a whole lot easier to see the big picture and come to emergent/unforseen conclusions about it, *once everything is working together*.
