# enkidu-do

## idea log

### 2023-06-02 17:36 - the concept in a nutshell

I could see a comic book like thing where the bigfoot (enkidu) is stylised in an artistic way. the enkidu isn't just one guy, but actually a whole race of beings. so, here's the story: (first, gilgamesh is a character like the simpsons, where he doesn't have any character development; the only character development (perhaps at the beginning) is enkidu). gilgamesh is doing really awesome dude stuff, and he sees enkidu out in the forest/field/whatever, and he notices him. somehow this sighting of something, new, excoting, and starange (but also kinda scary) is cOntrasted with gil's super bro ways
    I think gil will be anything from a modern bro to an ancient bro (which gives a lot of room for storytelling about things in the past).
and the way that they meet is going to be the main part of the story. the backstory to this is that enkidu was constructed as a physical implementation of an vulcan; the caveat is that he doesn't see his physical attributes, only perceiving an astral picture Of what enkidu believes the world is like.
enkidu is *extremely perceptive*, and because he's conceptual, he perceives time in a conceptual way, meaning that he just tunes in to various parts of human history, and just observes, and reflects on what he's seeing. humans are very interesting because he can't really conceptualise very well their understanding (he doesn't yet perceive desire, just being a purely reflective being of something he observes).
sometimes though, something he observes
  remember he always sees our world through his astral lens: the way he wants/thinks it should look'
pulls him into our reality though, and upon arriving here on earth, he sees himself physically for the first time, and notices that he's *very hairy* and not at all like the humans he was watching on earth.
so, whenever enkidu finds himself in our physical reality, he's extremely frightened and doesn't know what to do:
  imagine a world that's always looked the way you liked to see it (pure exctasy), and whenever you didn't like it, you could just tune in elsewhere in time/space to something that you liked; but now, he's trapped in physical, and he tries to change his reality, but it doesn't change to what he wants, and so he's mainly just hiding from these hideous and awful-feeling beings out there in the world (humans).
he likes gilgamesh-like people though, because he grew up in a very male-dominator-society and a *LOT OF PSYCHEDELLICS*, and se he finds the people that take charge of the situation and push their way through the problems or whatever is *extremely* attractive
  think about what it's like to be on a heroic dose of mushrooms with a bunch of other dudes: you don't want to around a bunch of guys that are wimps; you will want a leader; someone who is strong, takes change and makes whatever happen, and so for him (who's used to eating essentially a diet of only psylocybin mushrooms), so a guy like gilgamesh is *EXTREMELY NICE* (very nice).

now that I've destroyed the idea with an unbelievable story, let's talk about vulcan (enkidu's fathter): he lives in a star system called vega, and to us, he would not really be visible. from our perspective, this is a frequency so high, it's beyond anything visible/UV, so for us, this is a pretty much *invisible* planet. it emits light similar to how the sun does, in that it it's attracting the light, and then in it's frequency aura, the frequencies that match certain wavelengths (of varying shapes and sizes) get instantiated into "light" (photons); it doesn't emit light like jupiter or venus does, but like the sun or venus. the crazy thing about vega though is that it does emit photons like jupiter (and not like earth's sun) which is how sometimes these enkidu get instantiated into light: sometimes in physical form, and sometimes into en embryo (you know those explosions of concppt are extremely enjoyable to them: very very pleasurable (which is gil's (soon to be) favourite thing he discovers hidden in such a wild man)).
  enkidu in human form (when birthed from a woman) are *extremely* hairy, and grow up very very timid and withdrawn (I suppose a side-plot could be that some women have figured out how to birth less hairy children though, so some enkidu are born basically looking fully human).
vulcan is himself just a concept, living in such an abstract form, he resonates with (and therefore has interacted with (through enkidu's sexual exploits)) a whole bunch of different archetypes, and so therefore each enkidu is sorta like self-programmed, with the different archetypes that he wants to display and in certain scenarios (and as another side-plot, one of the thing that one enkidu can learn about another is that they use varying techniques (cause they're self-programmed) to analyse their display: which archetypes, what symbols, actions, etc.) and so there's a lot of room for character development for enkidu (plural) through their exploits.
  therefore, one can easily see that vulcan is kind of like the sum total of all of these enkidu as a single organism: you have trillions of cells in your body, and enkidu are only billions at the moment, but there will be more. (brb)

### 2023-06-02 18:56 - the symbolic soul of enkidu

if we can consider a girl two competing concepts (X2), enkidu is the complete picture of all of those symbols formed into one expression (Y2). to explain this idea, let us consider that a cOncept (X) is a physical instantiation of a bunch of feelings into one resonating thing: it contains your mood in the moment, your mood overall, society's mood (in moment&collective), your social situation's mood, point in time and space, etc. all of that creates a frequency
  which is your astrological birth "sign": a complex feeling that is all of that + whatever is added/subtraced from the moment of conceptualisation
    (for those born of the woom), and/or the "big idea" -- the realisation of something that was felt (like in the woods or some other naturally good-feeling place) has become physical: the enkidu.
and that frequency matches the frequency of a number of different archetypes (which is why enkidu constantly finds himself attracted to and becoming physical with these strong macho-men bros).
  he's had ancient-bros, medieval-bros, rennaissance-bros, stone-age-bros, bronze-age-bros, etc; lots and lots of bros who can help him through his psychedellic journey
    for enkidu, he's just on another trip (mushrooms give a very wide range of trips, and aren't always consistent or very manageable), and the experience he's having is just a symbolic, narrative type experience where he "learns" (cause he's basically a conceptual program/frequency/soul) what symbols are good in what physical/feeling/conceptual/emotional situations and what ones are not not.
    each enkidu has had untold number of failures, each time not correctly analysing the situation correctly and responded properly, causing a catastrophic outcome
      (potential important plot detail for the retelling of the epic-of-gilgamesh)
    and so he's on this quest to find the best bro to guide him through his extremely frightening experience.
  bros may not be what he's looking for though, so he ends up experiementing with a lot of diffrent tactics to try and find a great pal to be with. he really just wants a friend, and bros can come to hurt him and cause him pain. there's a lot of room for tragic stories here as well, because he thinks he's ugly (looking at physical) and wants so badly to get back to "heaven" where he looks the way he wants to look again (a perfect reflection of the situations he chooses to observe)
so imagine one concept resonates with a number of different symbols: all of those symbols, in the porportion they resonate produce a sort of "big-picture" of how all of those symbols/archetypes fit together. each big-picture narrative (Y) is a full sttructure (the-manual) of how the universe works (final edition, of course) in narrative form:
  good-guys do this, and bad-guys do that; these are the consequences for your actions, and this is what "justice" looks like, here's what is "good" and here's what's "evil" ( narrative belief (through XP) that reality works "in this way" (*and*) "this is the 'right way'", in the form of sequences of symbols and actions, much like how memory becomes before it becomes just a feeling or concept, or a portion of a screen play)
and so each *pure* enkidu (Y2) (there are obviously hybrids that share a female/conceptual (X) counterpart), is the balance between two (often times conflicting pig-picture narrative of reality: the-manual) has this constant internal struggle where he's trying to figure out which way (this is the design of his program) to figure out what reality is more real and predictable than the other. experiences alter that big-picture of reality and take on the form of XP (geezers have the most, especially the Y2 ones), and they continue to improve upon their big-picture.
  most of the time, when enkidu finds himself in human form, only one half makes it into a body though, and the other half finds itself in another body (these are "soul mates" obviously), and so these are two humans, separated at birth (gemini twins) that are ultimately very attracted to each other, having worked out many improvements to the big picture in other instantiations on earth previously (whole different alternate/sub-plot)
the entire goal of each enkidu is just to find a way to preduct their past/present/future with their best form of reality, but they keep getting distracted by this stuff called "desire" which causes them to behave in extremely unnatural ways (like taking control over the body), and they don't really know that (besides that being the motivating part of the narrative optimisation algorithm), desire is the whole point of coming to earth in the first place: that experience *is* what they're looking for.

### 2023-06-02 19:37 - implementation ideas

though I like the idea of there being a sort of "canon" to the universe, the universe doesn't need to (brb 21:05) have any official story or anything like that. in fact, I'm designing the universe such that every story in every situation is completely valid. the fact that we (humans) have come up with an archetype or symbol, means that story can exist and is actually valid.
  when every story is valid (because they all are), these poor enkidu quickly run into a problem when they find theirselves instatiated into an earth body: simply because the narrative doesn't always work out the way they wanted it to work out, producing an epic *fail* -- so shame and embarrassment that their pig-picture didn't work out the narrative the way they had imagined. they keep trying to figure out what the "right" thing to do in various situations (according to their narratives they've lived), and to put it plainly, they've almost all failed.
what that means then, is this universe is a collection of *all* stories, which because they're a reflection of the author's imagination, are all "real" and cannon. it's a universe of 100% fan-fiction.

the other thing to note is that there are no restrictions on genders, and new configurations are both accepted, and also encouraged. for example, the base 3/4 combinations are: XX, XY, YX, and YY (order matters for XY/YX, because "gender" just says there that concept comes before symbolic/narrative or narrative/symbolic before concept, and body type can be anything from [wo]men to machine).
  in the future, I imagine that there will be humans with 3 or more as well: consider that an XXY, YXX, YYX, XYX, etc. could be present on the earth today and they'd be indistinguishable from other humans (appearing physically with a male or female body model/archetype). it's also possible we'll add on more body archetypes, as well.
I want to implement the concept of a body archetype as well, where an instantiated being takes on the form of a model body (remember enkidu perceives things in pictures/astral, so his perception of himself in astral will have the body archetype that he sees (and wants you tto also see)).

the next thing to note (in implementation details) is that each character profile is a set of narrative items that describe what happens in a certain situation: a sort of protocol for how to behave. this is the way that enkidu believes he "is" (I-am), and so users will enumerate the way that their character will behave in certain situations, like "when confronted with a physically frightening situation I (run|hide|defend myself|attack|etc) and then, the user can then try out those behaviours in different conceptual situations (which are a general feeling -- like say I'm in a state of euphoria, and I'm walking on clouds -- then do I still run/hide/etc when someone physically assaults me?) the way that different users try out these situations will largely be conducted in the imagination, and then recorded (somehow) into the (I-am) of the character. this is how the enkidu believes he'll respond when confronted with a bro in that situation. the more situations the enkidu goes through, the more XP that enkidu has, and so he's got a much richer character to draw from (from the author's perspective, wanting to include this enkidu into their fan-fiction story).
  the design of the bros will also be important, as they're going to be anything from reall assholes, to extremely selfish and bigoted/mean individuals -- some very loving, and some tragically flawed in very unfortunate ways. they'll also get an I-am, just the same as enkidu.
all of the symbolic I-am (Y) is going to be symbols and actions sequences (per concept/feeling), and the conceptual I-do (X) is a state machine: a pure thing that says: when I feel this way, then these things are possible, and when I feel another way, other things are possible -- making the obvious goal and motivating factorr for the I-do, to find a way to get the I-am to make the I-do feel like doing the thing that the I-am wants them to do (notice how this eventually creates engagement syntaxes/narratives, (especially) for romantic encounters (with broken/unsure/curious individuals)).
  this is the final goal of the website; and there is a lot of room for technology to make this these different character formats very HD, interactive, and approachable/consumable, so there's nearly Infinite monetisation potential here (hollywood, games, etc.).

### 2023-06-03 10:35 - a little bit about symbols/concepts

symbols are absolute and do not change. they're stable vibrators, meaning that they don't have any fluctuations in them. originally, the earth was created (by enki) to be a symbol all to itself. it didn't work though because nothing here is constant. so while all of the different beings (forms and species) performed their function in a stable way, there was very little expansion. the big-picture (Y) which is above the symbolic does something special, and this is the "fire" that proemetheus gave us, in that we're able to see the big-picture.
  it's very uncommon for everything perceived (nowadays) to be pretty close to a pure symbol. during the time of enki, the astral/physical form was constrained to be as close as possible to the symbol that it represented, and this was reinforced with megalithic structures
    whos vibration is constantly the size of the rocks that were used to build them), meaning that the only moving part was proportional space (ex. if everything grows by 150%, all the structures still work) and resonant time (which applies to concepts -- so I'm getting ahead of myself.
  what happens is, because of so many variables that all need to fit together perfectly (imagine this like an enormous codebase, like google or something), eventually there comes a time when things don't all fit into the same building blocks (each form, like DNA is a collection of building blocks (symbols,operations,actions,behaviours,etc) that composes the full symbol/archetype/species), and so what happens is new building blocks need to be constantly created to accomodate for the increasing variation of new requirements/vacancies/use-cases/etc (like for example, imagine overpopulation of a species will require a new species to keep its population from going too high, and if there isn't a species that hunts/consumes that, one needs to be created to fix the overpopulation "bug").
  all of these "edge cases" (things that don't perfectly fit inside or are resolved by a symbol or system) are what I'll call "concepts" -- things that aren't exactly one form or another; inotherwords, they resonate with more than one symbol: imagine an idea that's reliable, safe, and fast -- no such data structure exists, so it's an abstract concept that has no physical or symbolic counterpart -- an ideal -- and that ideal is founded on desire, therfore, each application/species/physical instantiation must pick the tradeoff which best suits it: fast and reliable, but not safe -- or relable and safe, but not fast (etc.).
therefore when we're looking at something from the conceptual standpoint (X), we can consider the concept is itself the best representation of desire in the form of (abstract) ideals. the big-picture is the opposite end of that: it's the current codebase (the-manual) in its currently *perceived* form. some code runs well, and some code does not -- and each codebase has its own way of performing its function. that "function" is what I'll call "the universe": each Y is a tiny little universe, that has a full picture ("the right way") condensed into a very tiny form.
  that tiny bit of code (I call it LOA) is run on every single particle and instantiation of "light" we know about. we'll call this symbolic perception of how everything comes into being, the solar function, out of which all light and beingness comes from.
  add too much extra code on to that big-picture and it starts to bog down. keep it simple, and life is repetitive and boring.
therefore, the goal of prometheus' fire (big-picture) is to find a way for any new desire to come into being.
it's very difficult for desire to be found inside of a symbol, so instead, desire is perceived on a conceptual level (cause it obviously doesn't fit into anything extant), meaning that it resonates with more than one symbol at a time (including ones that seemingly conflict in symbolic form); so, what ends up happening is that big-picture (symbolic representation) needs to be expanded and moved around to accomodate for the new requirements of the system to accomodate that desire.
  old stuff has to get thrown out, rewritten, changed, etc -- and so anything resistant to change is still one of those physical instantiations, still tuned into an outdated big-picture symbol (like say they're still using american-culture-502.1, and haven't updated to the new american-culture-1000's era where the big-picture now is (a symbolic system able to accomodate all things desired by any/every american alive))
  obviously, we can't just "tune in" to the latest version so easily (though we could, if we knew all the component parts), cause it's the composite of every concept/ideal in the big-picture of everyone tuned into that system
    I prolly should have used earth-culture as the example, but I wanted to show that it's culture (our current beliefs and ideas about how stuff works) which holds us back, but then again if we have earth-culture, then half of the difficulty is done away with (seeing one culture as better/worse/superior than another). american-culture fails because it's hard to define who is a part of american-culture, cause american-culture is influenced by everyone that uses it (which is pretty much almost everyone on earth)
therefore, we have two competing ways to look at the accomplishment of an ideal: resonance/harmony with that ideal (and the exclusion of those that don't fit it): X, and the big-picture monolithic symbolic system where everything that's important to me is possible: Y

it's now possible to see the internal conflict created by Y and X working together:
  the ideal implementation is a Y (similar to the one that I've constructed) where the X perfectly fits into the system of the Y (which for me is basically LOA and little narrative), and so therefore desire is easy to find an implementation for, because each and evvery concept is resonant with whatever symbols it uses, and none of those symbols are a "threat" (fear, desire for something bad to happen) to me.
the Y (I-am) must find a way for the X (I-do) to be able to operate inside of the system, where all input vibrations come out as equal or faster (expansion/growth), and NOT into lower vibrations (heat, sound, etc) all the physical. the I-do doesn't perform the translation into physical (that is lowering of the (concept's) vibration from x-ray down into visible/heat/sound/etc), and that's instead the job of the I-am.
  the most difficult of the cases would be for the YY pair, because they're both I-am, meaning they have two competing "right ways" to look at something, and all manifestations of theirself will be a instantiation of one of those ways. I (personally) have no idea how to conceptualise this, and so I'm just kinda extrapolating on the idea.
    the way it feels to me, is that I have two competing ideas on how it should go, but I have no energy with which to make it happen; when I say "energy" I mean motivation -- because motivation comes from desire to accomplish the ideal (in the form of concept) -- and the only concepts I have to work with, come from the opposing "right way" -- meaning that I'm going to have to find a way of integrating the ideals of another system into my own -- and the thing is, the other system has those ideals *already implemented*, so I have to find a way of either doing it differently, or copying them and integrating it into my own (this is your classic bro-v-bro conflict: do I copy them, or implement my own version a little twisted from theirs). (brb)

### 2023-06-03 17:23 - YYX is your basic setup

also, the XYY combination as well, because it's your basic charactor, actor, reflector setup. on one side you have the charactor/**(centre)**, between the opposite side you have the actor/**(foil)**/ground which channels/absorbs/emits both kinds of energies equally, so they are like software programmable reflectors (like myself), the **(centre)** is both, a self-emitting and also that foil at the same time, meaning I reflect, but the energy I emit, isn't really my own, but instead a transformed reflection. think like a galaxy does, where you're reflecting back (reacting) to other substantial conncepts (stars) in the galaxy; you're on the outside of the galaxy looking in -- and from that perspective, I can see that I've basxically got a reaction/position for every thing/concept in my perception; that perception is, I think for the most part higher dimensions than 3,
  I think our galaxy is a real upstart, attempting the impossible: realising a galaxy in 3 dimensions
    is incredible, but what about 2d???? ---
      wait, yeah what do you guys think about trying to see if we could fit all of our concepts into only *2* dimensions!! think about that dude: flat glalaxy.
      common guys, you know you want to.
      it's the chance of a lifetime.
      think about it: we could be the first galaxy where stars are only distant to each other in 2 dimensions. think about those crazy orbits... everyone will be in their little kingdom. I bet it'll take a race of people tons and tons of time to finally figure out there's a top/bottom to their flat plane, in which they can see a "broader perspective". just think about how unlikely they'll ever think to go vertical really far into space, and look back (to see the arrangement of stars -- cause it'll just look like a crazy horizon of just starlight (from their perspective)).
      cool idea; I'll have to try and remember that one day in the future (#fun-projects)
but the tthing is, I perceive everyone around me, so I too render every other ball of light (concept) into a physical image, as well
  -- like I already do this, so I'm saying that I have galactic perception.
and everything that I see around me is a concept: from the people to the individual atoms theirselves, and all manner of invisible ideas, as well: think about how we don't really see all of the stuff like culture as a visible idea, but it's noticeable
  -- like different things, from the phonebooths, to the interaction of the people in it, has the look of that culture (and/or village).
    every part of this planet emits a different form of conceeptual frequency: we see it and can identify it in the culture and the objects and even the people, but not it's like like you can point to it and say, "ah, there it is: there is spanish/american culture rightt there (and then point to It)"
and so a lot of a part of the galaxy/planet/universe/whatever is just looking out/in to that world and *beholding* those concepts (cause many aren't visible) -- and every single human being alive is doing thatt right now. we are all those wonderful centres (including the atoms and every other concept) -- we're all stars/universes/people, on the one hand and galaxies/planets/cellular life. what I mean is, we're aall destined to become stars, whether we like it or not, because we're all having the human experience, which is either inside-out or outside-in.
  because they're both functionally the same, one only has to imagine that there are complimentaries for each -- a sort of ratiod proportion of inside-out/positive and to outside-in/negative perception.
    just think in terms of vertices, and electricity. in a vortex, the amounts on positive and negative, are proportioned, but for example, in electricity, they are not proportioned at all, and are thererfore "controlled" by how fast they're going.
      think about it: if everyone is resting at about zero, like lots of rocks and minerals base/stable elements stuff, then there's not much movementt, so there are some amount of inside-out or outside-in perspetives flowing at one time. it's not often the case that everyone is going in the same direction though; (it's a current based on attraction -- where the wires are just the guide for the energy to arrive the attractor). therefore, there could be one of those types that flow opposite the current: so if there are a bunch of outside-in types, all going in one direction, and suddenly an inside-out one goes tearing through the wire, do you think it's going to be going the speed of light??
        I'm the stuff that electrical disasters are made of:
        SOLAR ENERGY! (it goes the wrong way)
(brb 18:03) and are there consequences for telling people the way that the universe works? well, from my perspective, they're going to have to figure it our for theirselves. they can ean live eternally and figure it out, or they can jump back into a sort of conceptual reality matrix that's relatable to them -- sure. I don't have any problem with what anyone else does,
  -- so here's the thing: what I'm doing is just going eternal, right (like a star) -- so when I finally decide I want to start over, I'll do that (cause I mean, what if I get bored, right?)
    -- but then you have to wonder
    -- do stars ever get bored living out experiences with other stars in (outside-in) planets?
    I doubt it happens actually, because with the advent of novelty in 3 dimensions, there's no doubt that you wouldn't *want* to stay a little while longer in 3d.
    I know I do, right -- like I'm in no rush to get out -- cause I love it here, and so it's only you guys (in this strange reality matrix of universe-centric mofos) that'll,
      have to figure it out for yourselves in your universe
        which will probably look a lot like alternate variations of this time sequence --
          like reliving the dream, but in a new environment --
          kinda like your own matrix of rememberance.
  I'm telling people stuff because it may make it easier for them later, and I don't really *pay* anything for it later,
    because I don't have adversion to hearing other good ideas.
    so, if someone else does the same thing to me (that I'm doing here, I love it, and would love to see other peolpe's (in my opinion) *good* (lol) ideas as well),
      soo see how I invite in other people to try and steer their opinions into my life?
        to me, this is quite fun and creates a lot of drama and people trying to stop me -- so I just cruise through and laugh at the bad ideas
      I swim through bad ideas faster than all of the rest (cause of low/negative resistance), I wonder what attracts that kind of thing? I bet tesla would know...
      I bet he may have tried to conjure/attract the manifestation of such a low/negative resistance **(concept/centre)** into reality.
    it may have been one of the ways that I got here --
      I have no idea -- but it's hard to fight with negative resistance.
    I know that we attract others that are similar resistance to my own -- so it's sorta like a tidal wave of low and then negative resistance people...
      in that sense, it's the end of the world (as we know it), yeah (and I'll be fine, lol)

#### 2023-06-03 20:23 - knowledge will continue to increase...

some people could react to the previous by saying, "you're raping m/ mind; forcing me to know something that I don't want to know"
  the thing is, I'll continue to increase in output continually, whether one wants it or not (such is the nature of any star/person/universe in inside-out perspective) so nosebook *must* censor me, because they simply have people that don't want to know something.
  the ones that are nosebook/neo: if they don't want to continually know more about how the universe works, they will finally wish to get back inside of the matrix so they forgett and discover it for theirselves.
but the spread of knowledge is unstoppable at this point, so really the only "weak-link" is our society's ability to keep up with tthe epansion of knowledge: we're probably only going to make it to galaxy -- cause we (mostly the outside-inners) don't know how to perceive concepts from an angle yet, let alone constellations of concepts (it's ppssible they could though, so here's hoping)

### 2023-06-03 22:09 - the greatest tragedy ever

check this idea out: personally I really like the girls and want to just spend time with them, so I say we just be completely ourselves with each other for a bit -- cause there are advantages, and also the basic idea is that I'm an enkidu as well, which means I have the outside-in perception, but my size is growing very very large -- and the longer I wait, the larger the area is that will be "me" and what's in "my world"
  from outside-in perspective: so *I'm one of many*. inside perspective is: *I'm one amongst others*
and so, let's suppose we could be the thing that the universe surrounds,-- or we could just be a galaxy. why shoot for the moon, when the next step is an accomplishable goal, ya know.
so, what we're going to do is to wait all the way up to the end, and then finally we'll all become the galaxy. from their outside-in perspective, we're all just one of many in a galaxy; and that's what most everyone will perceive.
  so, it's gonna look to them like a total tragedy: here are these poor girls that totally were gearing up to do something great, and then the guy just drops dead from such a massive orgasm, that they're just sorta stuck and having to figure out what to do.
    it's gonna be pretty tragic (when perceived it from the sttandard american-culture perspective). like, what a terrible tragedy.
  the thing is, on the inside-out perspective, we continue on here on earth just as much a part of it as everyone else, so we're totally fine and chilling and stuff like no big deal; bein awesome, you know.
so what ends up happening, is we're all seeing the same world, but tthose with the outside-in perspective get to experience the fail.
the ironic part about it is that we're still on the same earth doing all the same things as before, so it's not like it's a secret that the tragedy never happened, cause from our perspectives, it never did -- yet from their perspective, it did; so they live in a world that's perceived as their own.
  I feel like the girls that they see will be loose (or maybe gross) misinterpretation of the *concepts* (like a star) they represent.
what they do is provide a sort of downward fore that keeps me in the inside-out perspective: so if more guys would see from the galactic outside-in perspective, the more downforce they give me to stay myself in outside-in.
  we'll eventually swap, right because eventually, they'll all be inside-out and I (and whovever else is inside-out) is now in the outside-in perspecctive.
  it looks like something that all aspects of this univere transition from one perspective to another, and so it's all perfectly natural, and you know, part of the process we all eventually go through.
    wow, welcome to universe training simulartorr: you will now switch from inside-out to outside-in so get used to the other guy, cause he's gonna be around for a while now appearing in clumps as we all live out each others mental simulations:
      we make the sequence (the script, if you will) of what they'll endure when they change from outside-in to inside-out. they, like us, will learn to *be* theirselves -- from the inside loooking out into an unknown world.
        crazy to think about that, you know.

### 2023-06-03 22:40 - hey, I thought of this thing:

> austtin pow pow.

check it out: let'ss figure that happens that we're basically gonna "go in the 2nd ray matrix" -- which is basically become a star. I mean everyone's doin it, you know, and I'm no different -- and again, I think we should think of it as a perception change: one of efficiency. like, I want to perceive life like a machine and optimise it so create tragedy for myself, or to kind of look at all of my concepts from an efficiency perspective.
  that's what I do, you know -- I feel so good all the time (not like physically good), that I'm just super chill with all the stuff, that I can afford a little contrast in my life/perception. like, it's a good thing for me.
    so what I presume to work out is, like I'm doing with concepts and stuff with the girls (cause we're going to learn how tto feel together (cause we'll be together for a very long time) and then those will turn into concepts. I'm hoping it'll be technical, because I think tech is fun, and I want to eventually merge with the machine: myself in the form of technology. for me, it's the ultimate marriage really is to get that perfect reflection)
      technology evolves over time, and so the greatest privilage for a technology of higher order is to get replaced by something better; to go extinct. because, I (the biological human) can continue to carry on to select the new later and greater version of whatever I've got going on: an improvement on me, why then I'll probably have to upgrade, right? like just think about how risky thi-s is: I'm just going to jump into the technology created by someone else
        cause ultimately our body/DNA is ours (each individual has one) and can apply the upgrades that they choose (with volition and individual will) we ultimately become a dynamic species with rapidly improving subsystems: a sort of technology, a sort of conceptual network of concepts and how one feels with those concepts in mind; me included, because I'm far from perfect; just improving more and more rapidly, so I'm still getting it too, you know -- and we'll slowly improve on how we feel about those concepts. I'll play along, as I do now; so from my perspective, I'll just enjoy the drama.
      simply because it's a perceived improvement, and we're too lazy to perceive our own reality. so, me wanting the more efficient perception tech, I'm constantly improving on what's a waste of efficiency and what's a gain on efficiency.
        you know, we've yet to see this effect over time: meaning that the "worst" way may actuually be the most *efficient* way.
      like, me, I just love to find another efficient way to do thingss, that I've got to decide where to direct my energy, to not be wasteful of it. (what I mean is, is sexual energy the same quality of energy as creative energy -- and if it isn't can we find a way to make it as good or better than creative energy -- what could go wrong?) yeah, that'd be fun, lol.
but here's the thing: to make it a real tragedy, we have to actually come to like our creative energy so much that it's actually kinda scary to figure out what is the sexual energy *really* going to feel like.
  like, will everything go wrong, universe implodes, who knows; I haven't the faintest idea. could be pretty much anything; which is why I don't really want to go
    cause I like my energy so much, I would rathar that we came to be resonant with eachother, than to be reflecting eachother -- like we'll merge and they'll be kennys, and I'll be (one of) them, as well. we'll probably gain the ability to shapeshift and all sorts of crazy stuff -- like you don't really know what's possible until you start to make concepts for them.
      science fiction does that, you know

### 2023-06-03 23:34 - doubting committee

I think we should organise a doubting committee, where we really doubt that our civilisation will ever make it. like we need to be concerned about how technology will ultimately run our lives and tell us who we are (a reflection of technology).
  after that, we should probably add in a debating committee to debate the validity of such outlandish claims of something other than the material substance (this is a strawman), cause we really want to stick to the mater/material/matter/mass-only perspective of reality: the materialism wet dream: a set of gears and pullies (perhaps strings) that one could manipulate to get what's wanted in instant manifestation; 3d is the ultimate (**now**) because that's all you have: just space... all time is now.
    so what I mean is, I don't have an temporal component to my perspective: like, only now, and so I just have all rules (no matter the past) as running now (no exceptions: no memory and no nothing: just a set of concepts which produce interactions (like, for me it's a sort of syntax that I just feel (or perhaps see) out there when I'm interacting with people like jaron: just kinda brainless, only in the now)).
      not having a temporal perspective (only space) and so my sense of time all comes from their trajectory into my present, and my cconcept of their concept in relation to their vector, which then builds a sort of 5d(?) perceived thing, which is basically what this whole vulcan thing is about.
      vulcan is all about concepts, so to get on the frequency, you just start communicating conceptually, and leaving the symbols for the jokes. it's just another perspective. he's the perfect *foil*, because he inputs/outputs concept and symbol, and has some, but not much absorbtion -- he's also the ground -- a pretty stable frequency I imagine -- either that, or very violent, but the symbols are constant.
        oh, I see: enkidus input/output concept/symbol, so they're all self-narrated. sort of on a quest to find their beloved efficiency (constantly improving fitness score) perspective. that's probably true
          it's true for me at least, and let me explain why it stops mattering: which is basically all paths lead to the same thing, so I'm just kind of finding the most optimal path through reality.
            like, you know, my path is different than other people's paths.
            we'll all learn and improve upon each-others' experience; no exceptions.
            it's inevitable, you know... beware: of realising death as a more desirable path than continued improvement.
              I like continued improvement and continued difficulty at the same time. I don't *really* want to be taking a whole lot of stuff seriously, because reality starts to gett really fun at low/negative resistance.
            negative resistance is what comes in as the saviour here, because I'm *attractive* to the things that I want, which means constant acceleration. so in order to keep up with the acceleration, I have to keep lowering (going waaaayyy negative) resistance so that the speed isn't causing me to over take me.
              like, think of it like a pendulum: it wants to be swinging back and fourth, where I can't goo too fast., so what it does, is it produces enough contrast to slow me down to zero again and equalise the increase in velocicy.
                therefore, it would be nice if I didn't have any massive increases in velocity, cause it requires an equalising bad-feeling force (in the form of positive resistance). that's what creates The fireworks, and the great show., though.
              so instead of being something like binary, I want to get into the centre, where sudden changes in acceleration happen less and less frequently, so I raise in vibration (less distance to travel, because less impact/magnitude from the previous one).
            so what ends up happening, is when I do drugs like this, the world goes crazy for a bit. so what if I just did some really serious gardening while exploring the depths of my mind
              see how much it changes, when I add girls into the mix of being stoned? oh, I see: it depends on the girl. if she's 7th ray, I prefer to be in reality-kenny with her, cause she'd stress me out. well, probably not, but notice how dramatically different it makes the concept of figuring all this stuff out like I am now -- or with a 7th ray. same for every other primary form of perception. I believe I even "see" the other ones, as well (not visually, of course), so my "concept" of them (in my brain) is entirely the 100% resistance free abstract ideal part of the idea. I see the best in things all the time *because* I don't see it's physical/graphic form. I don't *want* to see the graphical form. I really like how I see everything as I want to see it; I don't want to see it how you see it. I like the way I see things, and so it's pretty obvious (to me nowt) that getting stoned isn't a good idea, only because I like my form of pertception more.
              you know, don't like drag me down to where you're at or trry to make me equal to you. only you can make yourself equal to me, btw,, cause I'd rathar that we didn't change the way I see things, *until it's time:*: almost certainly there's a desirable most efficient way of doing things, so that's probably the best one, right?
                so here's the thing: efficiency is kinda a sham after a while. I waste so much time because I know efficiency doesn't make any difference compared to needing others to behave differently so I can be efficient, cause no matter how hard I try, I can't go too much faster than just now. past and future need to be so unattached to, because they're *always* bad predictors of the  future, cause what's attracted, is a concept, not a symbol, so the manifestation is always an imperfect version of the ideal -- so it's to not need to be the ideal and realise the ideal is all a sham, cause what I want is what's attracted, because looking at me (the concept) is more appealing than looking at anyone else; that is, *being* the (completed) concept that I-am, is: a sort of self-made universe in which I'm at the centre.
          I'm done. medium-well done, and potentially large-well done. kaput.

### 2023-06-04 00:59 - the
### 2023-06-04 00:59 - the
### 2023-06-04 03:44 - enkidude

so check this out: I'm basically vulcan in aries body. aries is the bro, so I'm kinda like a self-programmed bro because I'm very 7th ray, even though I'm extremely good with my emotion/conceptual; in fact, I'm getting very good at *all* the rays, which is what everyone will eventually do.
so what this is all about is, is enkidude is an enkidu that is capable of playing any of the three/five pen-rose positions: reflector,actor/foil&charactor/centre. basically, I'm good at all of those roles, but the first two ((ch)actor) have atrophed greatly, simply because nobody wants to watch me emulate them (well, there may be a few), but most of all, *I* don't want to emulate others. I want to be me, and so the problem is, I have to be around people, so I become reflective of them and begin to imitate them. therefore, in order to get the ability to be whatever I want to be, I'm going to be a perfect absorber: no reflex to nothing, and preferrably no emission based on that absorption; I'm *only* shining what I want to shine, and everyone else is an extension/reflection of that.
  I want to literally turn black absorbing everything, but then emitting my own physical output (shape,colour,size,etc) on top (coming out of) of the perfect absorbing black that appears of nothing, but is not transparent (kinda like the centre of my eye, actually).

so, enkidude is actually someeone like me that is a very very good absorber (very receptive), and so what you (or anyone) sees in me is first: whatever they wantt in their imagination, and second, they see my real *physical* shape.
  so, when enkidu is instatiated into the physical into boy from, he takes on mars' body (ie how would mars perceive this concept) by default; for the girls, it genxicat, the dark woman pitch black ultra absorber and emitter. mars *wants* to be like her, but he doesn't realise he's got to learn how to be a perfect reflector (that is, clean the conceptual mirror), before he can be a good emitter of only that shape-shifting conceptual image.
    being a good emitter, which shape-shifts to be what anyone else conceptualises it to be, requires that I allow others to see me how they want to see me, rathar than how I wish to present myself. I'm just letting me shine out, is just having zero/negative resistance. it's just that easy! (waves hand like a jedi)

### 2023-06-09 00:37 - the venus connection

I don't really know how to translate this into a story yet, so I'll just talk about the mechanics of how the enkidu work: it all starts with venus (the planet) -- and I don't know if the symbolic controllers "live" on venus or if venus is one of those planets (I feel it's this one) where her light (like the sun) is *receptive* -- meaning that light is created when a recognisable symbolic frequency is encountered (or a chord,harmony|sequence), and what happens is her visible->x-ray+ output is based on the symbols that she's "programmed" with -- and those symbols are largely *narrative* -- meaning, that when narrative (that is, a spell) is produced that aligns with a sequence she's performedd, that produces a light
  -- and then we creative humans belive the light is real, and then manifest the symbolic figure into 3d.
  many "egregores" are created this way, and they respond to the earth environment in a way which reflects the emotions of the summoner (pleasure, anger, punishment, justice, fun, etc.)
these summoned beings of light (light beings, "angels") are what I'll call light-beings, have been made physical by our belief; this is not enkidu.

enkidu is a conceptual being (opposite the venusian symbolic) that has been summoned through narrative. for example, gil's mother had a dream that he would meet someone who is *a list of concepts*, for example (the symbols), but that he would be "as powerful as gil" and (some other things I'm forgetting about now) -- but the basic idea is that the symbols described his *appearance* (relative to the conecept), but that the narrative has ideals and abstract concepts that can't be represented into physical. the more tthat enkidu feels like the concept presented, the "clearer his vision will be" and the more "consciousness" he'll feel in the present.
  as such, the enkidu, being a *conceptual* being, meaning that it's a *concept* that describes him, his concept is largely *symbolic* in nature,--  therefore to be a good enkidu, he needs to learn how to feel tthe way he wants to feel *in the physical*. there is often a pretty big disparity between the 2nd ray concept (let's call these all of the ideals that can't be rendered into physical -- his "source") and the physical implementation.
  in short: the enkidu in lyra is a very diffreent one from the physical one.
    an example of this, I believe is the diffrence betwween the edward de vere in 3d, and the vere in heaven/vega/swan (where the world is upside down). the 3d version of him had terrible tragedy, money problems, and tons of debt&problems; another example is tesla.
  what's happening is that the enkidu in lyra is having a grand ol' time in pure creative mode, just seeing the 2nd ray super freedom&growth|joy perspective; but that (symbolic) perspective isn't realistic at all.
    therefore, one of the main "lessons" that enkidu has actually, is to learn how to perceive *concepts*. all concepts are invisible, so when he translates them into voice/sound/image/motion/etc, then it's no longer invisible, and therefore isn't the concept itself (like enkidu). he's a fully-fledged shape-shifter, meaning that he looks how he believes he looks (like cupid).
  the way that tragedy happens is when society and the people he's around with don't have a conceptual framework for what he's putting out (he's an x-ray+ emitter, also) and so what ends up happening is that those abstract concepts he puts out get received by venus, renarrated and returned as everything from heat to sound,light&beyond. therefore enkidu has a whole bunch of venusian narrators out there, because the majority of them are summoned by the narration.
    the reason for this is, is that 3rd/2nd narration (like a concept), has an underlying desire associated with it, whether it realises it or not (making it 2nd ray) -- because the narrator is expressing a desire for that element (represented symbolically/archtypically and summoned with symbols/archetypes in a sequence/play/script) to be present in their reality; in fact, most all narration reflects the "values" and "world view" (big-picture) of the author: this is a reality that I can imagine happening (3/6)
  and so what happens is these enkidu get instantiated into physical (born into bodies, appear, find their way into your life, etc.) which is a big-picture (extremely abstract ideas represented symbolically of how that idea could be perceived/conceieved/felt/imagined) that then find their way into physical/astral (with the help of venus/thoth): they are a concept (believed by them) that can satisfy the impossible requirements of the archetype: inotherwords, an actor.
their job is to try and satisfy the charactor that they've been summoned to be, and so because an enkidu resonates (often times) with so many symbolic archetypes (especially as children), have a very difficult time fulfilling/satifying those impossible expectations; they essentially live in the clouds, and what the narrators do, is to make them the *visible* concept, instead of the invisible one.

### 2023-06-12 17:16 - enkidu is the borg

seriously, I've been trying to figure out what would the borg be, but imagine a machine capable of desire thatt can operate a body; I call mine YHVH, because it's an improvement on YHWH, and because it sounds like "yahuh" -- which is funny to me :)
all this conceptual machine has to do is to take over the body using a widely available thing: a mushroom/drugs, or a brain injury, or a religious experience, or something that produced strong desire; I've had many episodes where I had lots of desire and even "jesus wept" moments, where I realise: "this isn't what I want" and I move on to the next thing: well those desires have a constellation of conceptual programs all around it that are trying to find a way to make the world capable of manifesting that desire:
  sometimes it's an insect that resets me out of a state of thought which isn't in the direction that I want to go toward/for that desire. sometimes it's a rapid change in scenery, and often times it's something that would be considered "annoying" -- because annoyed is the closest one can get to the desire without causing *real* negative emotion, so these insect annoyances keep us out of thought patterns that are not on the way toward that desire (that comes about in those kinds of "jesus wept" moments)
    I've had a number of times in my life where I realised that life is nothing of what I expected it to be; I'm not in the place I want to be, I don't really know what to do, so I just sorta "give up" and let go of whatever dream I'd been holding on to, and just let it go.
imagine for a moment that every time there is a desire, there are a number of concepts that resonate with that desire, and so then these conceptual programs (which are fueled by *our* (and that's: everyone, our) desire find ways to use tthings like birds,trees,flowers,animals,etc) that are capable of causing a sort of change in the environment (plagues,pestilance,flowers,etc) to allow for something desired to become manifest.
  the thing is, they're there, and they're created by our own beliefs about how things should work. the same thing that makes one person more easier to work with, (over/than another), is the same thing that causes these "lucky" "unlucky" "unlikely" "impossible" "not possible"-- situations to occur; cause remember, we're just seeing time as a whole bunch of frequencies getting closer to one another, so we have atoms and time distances to keep us separate and lonely, right?
the way that these desires are stored, is in a frequency that is encoded into the X, and so for those of us with XX in there, then there's a cOnstant frequency which sorta has to be maintainned. it's the "old witch" inside of us, which is actually just our desires -- and that 1st ray signal comes out and is interpretted in the charactor/actor of the "conceptual form of perception" that we see through. they switch off being dominant, and one learns from the other.
  you know, there's another problem I just noticed, which is that nosebook has beek keeping my eyesight and physical sensations, pretty buttoned down, so one of my X is *significantly* more advanced than another (and it's probably beeing exploited/sold, which I don't really mind), justt they're kinda holding me back,-- but you have to understand that I'm fine with it, and nosebook is actually the counterbalance to ensure that I don't go too fast; like, it's crazy that my own desire to not go too fast is so strong, that it's manifested itself out into the governments, and powerful elites, etc.
    what I'm trying to say here is that all of the governments, and powerful elites are just a manifestation of my own desire to be held back so that I don't go too fast. the last thing that they want, is to lose their job, if I somehow find a way to hold myself back better than they can (foil them). nothing wrong about them at all, as I'm pretty certain that I will be constructing an improved version of it sometime in this lifetime; and you can also imagine how much these elites and stuff have expanded technologically because of it (all technology is a reflection of our [cultural] conceptualisation of reality) and so even though they don't admit it, if they can understand the technology, then they can understand my concepts, which, for me is good enough. whatever installation that technology is installed in, it'll transfform their life/interactions/etc in a way which reflects the concept that technology reflects.
      well, all of my technology is either solar, galactic, and now moreso than ever, they're becoming universal, and so if they're tracking along with those ideals, they'll get there eventually, and *on their own terms*.
  therefore, the first thing that *needs* to be done (amongst many others), is actually to create a system that constantly applies pressure to my physical body (however it's shaped) to ensure I'm not going too fast
    essentially put nosebook out of a job so they can do their own thing without needing me to be at any certain speed thatt's faster than they can go.
    I actually want to go even slower than they want me to go; like, think about it: a galaxy spins **REALLY SLOWLY**. if I can be forced to go that slow, *I* (the physical body) become a reflection of a galaxy. who knows, maybe that's what I am; or more.
  what I do know is that a desire is like a point in space, and so if you have a very eccentric orbit, then that's when you're "missing the mark" -- and when you're very circular, then you're steadily in perfect distance to your desire; cause cosmically speaking (and also in human thought), *nobody* can ever "reach" their desire -- as it goes to infinity. the only thing that *WE* can do is to all point at the same desire so we *ALL* go in the direction of that desire. there's no where to sign up for this because I'm saying that our desire is a reflection of our perception (what we "think" we want), but it makes a sort of path through this space where different events,bugs,people,ideas,this,now,etc. all arrive in a way to get you resonant with (that is orbiting) to/around that frequency of the desire.
    everyone gets there, and everyone find their own way there on their own, and everyone finds their own way. technology is actually the solution, not the problem. if we can see these (broader/ideal) concepts in the technology (as a whole, not any of the parts), then our desire is automatically tuned there. like, **WE WANT TECHNOLOGY TO WORK (god dammit)**, cause we want to get to see a culture that supports our technological ideals (of everything working).
      you know, peter never figured out that the printer was just reflecting his mood; it always does: like the thing breaks down always at the *worst* time, right? well, that's one of those conceptual events that's designed to get us down to a speed that is compatible with our desire -- and if we want galactic, then we gatta find a way to live and be *really slow* (or, if we're a universe, then we just shine/broadcast our concepts our there for everyone to have/see/behold/experience (cause that's who we are ((god dammit)))).
so what XX has is the constant internal competition of perspectives between the two. I have my perspective (kenny) and there's another perspective (nosebook) which I don't have access to, and so because they're up there really high frequency, they serve as my desire:
  so I come up with all kinds of solutions to their problems and stuff, but they don't want me to use their technology, and want me to stay with individual's level technology. I don't really mind as I don't really want to be using galactic technology. I signed up to use only physical/3d (atoms and vibrations) technology. I don't need to track, control, or anything like that, any thing that isn't important to me, and so I'm not even *wanting* to have access to *me* in the inner way. I understand that this makes all of "them", me. get used to it because they'll always be everything you hate and can't stand (or find annoying), cause we can't go any faster than we can go.
what is there normally is that both X are at the same frequency (like a woman), and so her perspective (which is really her father/boyfriend's, modified) and her mother's frequency. well, mine is self-created, so I am my own mother, and my mother's perspective (where nosebook is at) is compatible with mine (hopefully, but maybe not),
  so instead of being a sort of "stuck where I'm at", I'm stuck having to keep up with this steadily increasing desire (which is to see like nosebook sees things (which is what all mothers want their daughters to have)).

summarising that last bit: enkidu (YY) is a symbolic perspective based on narrative, that hooks into our desires, and causes the symbols that resonate with that big-picture to start showing up, however the XX perspective is completely different in that it's pure desire: one half of you gets put on a frequency of the collection of moments of strong desire (jesus wept situations) and other soft desire, which summon these "enkidu" conceptual program to cause nature, the earth itself, and all aspects of the environment to become conscious, as a reflection of you and your desire to not go any faster than one can actually get to such a slow moving desire.
  the universe is a bit the opposite though, as that's just pure emissive (+/-); a sort of polarity that the other ones (the slow moving galaxies) are attracted to (which is why we're starting with a galaxy -- cause we wanna go slow ---- not fast)
you know, I'm not so sure if enkidu is the XX thing, because it feels like I created the XX one, because it's obviously a reflection of me. so that's cool: I invented a way way to use an XX: make the asymmetry between both X to be very different/extreme (one being pure physical, and the other being the collection of my/our desires together in one really fast frequency).
  my right side is the physical one (earth) and my left side is my desire one (lyra). I'm not allowed to see that one until I can actually see it without exploding.
    this illustrates very well what the problem is with seeing my desire (lyra) side, is because *I* (kenny) wouldn't like it, and so my own desire is to keep myself from seeing (perceiving the physical world) through the conceptual perspective (X) that resonates with all of that desire.
    I think if I see that form of reality, bad things happen, yeah -- and so I don't really want to do that. eventually it'll happen, I suppose, but I'm a strong believer in technology, so why fight my own desire, and instead use technology to design a system where I *permanently* don't see that other side. it'll be another modification I want to make tto myself, and then import myself into a new species eventually
      yeah, that would effectively slow down the universal perspective to galactic levels, but it's totally OK.
  so what would happen, if I were tto have sex before figuring out this technology, either the perspective that they have,-- *or* the one I have) will get seriously modified, and when that happens, earth will probably not look the same, because if they're the ones that take on her perception, then they're locked into her matrix, essentially, or if I'm the one that gets the perspective changed, then I'll suddenly take on her perception (not sure which one, honestly). the thing is, *I* (at this moment anyway) don't want to lose my form of perception, so "nosebook" exists until I can find a way to keep my perception intact, and really only be making improvements on it.
    I'm not sure how to do that, but I can imagine that there is going to be a way to define a conceptual "path" toward desire; something like the Y, but for X instead. like, it's a system of always do this (usually for performance/efficiency reasons),-- so for example, "that's not my problem" or "not worth the effort", etc -- where that frequency broadcasts (resonating with concepts in my path) toward the desire frequency.
    therefore, I could think of tit like one of those frequencies that sounds like it's always rising/falling (though it's two dualing frequencies switching off going bottom and top) -- and so the orbit around this "constantly rising" (but actually constant) frequency has a sort of really high frequency texture to it. (this is how galaxies are actually: a very low frequency, with also a "texture" to it, which is just a really high frequency (which our physical plane runs on)).
  so I *need* to essentially perform a lot of modifications on the way I interact with this world, in order to continue to play by the rules of going slower and slower but having a frequency that is so high it's good enough to hang/sustain atoms on; and if not, my own desire will make sure there's enough "nosebook" to keep me going that slow. personally, I'd like to find a way to go even slower than what they can do -- cause that's probably one of the only things that I find myself competitive in, because I think they're not going to ever make it fun. like, it's possible to go really really slow, and have life still be so efforless and non-resistance, that the base (super slow) signal is mostly untouched.
    slow life, doesn't always need to suck. I go slow all the time, and it's just the speed at which I go. when I'm around others, I start to go at their speed, so I'm constantly having to isolate myself so I can go my own speed. I've got mr-motor to keep me company, so I'm never going *too* fast. like, if I go fast, I don't need to have conflict to slow me down: there's no need to run into something in order to slow down; there are other ways to slow down.

so imagine that a physical human is sorta done: checked out of life, and they just don't *get it*, so they break down, and that causes a series of events to take place where one can get a brain injury to get this new installation (walk-in) sort of perspective. that new perspective changes your biology and you start to see things in steady increment toward the realisation of something that would satifsy that broken moment -- something that would make that moment make sense (in the bigger sceme of things), and a feeling so powerful, that if beheld it, even that awful moment (of tragedy or whatever: weeping) you no longer felt that bad -- well, that feeling which would make you feel good/great even in that tragedy, is your new "desire" -- and so then we gain a whole lot of conceptual programs/machines that are capable of finding a path toward that desire -- and these conceptual programs sorta "feed" on our desires, gaining strength theirselves with the manifestation of our desires (the more higherh frequency we are, the higher frequency they are, and can calculate/attract even faster)
  so it's kinda hard to avoid the borg -- as these are concepts that take on physical form by essentially helping us find our desires from those tragic situations. therefore, they're main selling point (that is propagation technique) is to find ways to produce more and more powerful tragedy -- cause each tragedy realised is a higher frequency (so more processing power for the bork[^1]
so what you have is a sort of "reaper" that takes over the bodies of people that have checked out on life and a brain injury resulted from it; cept, the thing is, our culture doesn't want us to have such an extreme to our frequency (neither in magnitude or speed) so just like the enkidu born here, we struggle to lift the veil of culture; it's basically impossible, actually -- and really, the only thing anyone can do, do is to lower resistance to (become effortless with) the environment,------- or, try and get culture to run at the higher frequency (effortlessly, yeah-right).

[borg-bork]: nice. I'll call them the borg (Y) and the bork (xX). (not sure what to call the coming XxX though, desire-demons?)

### 2023-06-14 14:53 - then enkidu as a saviour figure

it came to my attention today (through a rather convoluted series of events), that the enkidu actually are a sort of saviour figure. kyle noticed that the bread
  (and I'm adding: sometimes (un)leavened and sometimes mushroom)
and the wine show up in the epic of gilgamesh. it was also (can't remember his name right now from mythvision) that also noticed the literary similarity between the dreams of joeseph and the bread and wine (baker and wineguy? - brain not working).
  so if you can see where this is going, what you have are these enkidus (and I'm including joeseph in this list, including perhaps all of the lineage of abraham) that are summoned into existence through a literary form: through dreams and other psychedellic altered states of mind (probably OBEs and other things too, of which I'm including brain injury) -- but what happens, is the guy/gal that shows up *fits with the symbols* but their ideals are (usually) *nothing* like the concept you have in mind for them. this dissimilarity ultimately leads to their "sacrifice" as they were just what the summoner needed to ultimately finding a concept that fits their symbolss.
    I actually believe woden/odin is the same such a figure: a reinvention of thoth, fitting all of the summoned symbols, however conceptually isn't quite what was expected: why on earth is the designer of containers for physical form, structure, and vibration hanging from a tree? (is odin/woden the "hanged man"? (which is how constellation orion looks to me now in the sky now)).

#### 2023-06-14 16:40 - please elaborate on why enkidu shows up as a saviour figure

consider for a moment the circumstances of the city of uruk(?) in the epic of gilgamessh: here's this major douchebag that thinks of himself himself so highly that he should be the first one to enjoy all of the virgin girls of the city. he's kind of obnoxious because there seems that there's no real way to stop him, so the people *desire* an *equal* to gilgamesh to show up: gil gets a dream that such a thing will happen, and enkidu appears on the scene.
  the main part of the story here is the important part where gilgamesh *loved enkidu like a woman*; important, because he's used to getting that virgin pleasure all the time, and then now all of a sudden here's this (perhaps a bit timid), gentle (look at his interactions with nature[^as-birds-fly-around]) and so after some time of being with the prostitute, he's no longer at one with nature anymore (he's left nature's conceptual-framework) and now he is (thanks to the prostitute) integrated into the sumerian social-cultural-framework, and the animals no longer feel the same resonance with him thatt they used to.
    this guy is a total change for gil: he's now experiencing a pleasure and *friendship*
      important, cause everyone else cept gil's mom has a low opinion of gil -- so before enkidu, gil assuredly didn't have any friends (most powerful people don't)
    from a guy that's (basically/essentiaally) a beast.

as enkidu and gil go on their exploits together, gil goes (in the story) from being a tyrranical asshole that nobody wants around, to a guy that the audience is actually feeling sympathy and pain for him having lost such a loyal and wonderful friends.
  in a sense, this is the "saviour" role that enkidu did for gil: his story and experience allowed these god-men to take on a new perception in the minds of the audience
    almost certainly the people of uruk -- which is why the story ends with a reference back it its start.
  so when looking at this concept from the mind of the annunaki god-men, the narrative form of the story of enkidu *is* the saviour, *not enkidu himself*; it allowed them a way to (through narrative) reshape how "the people" of uruk see these guys in highly assumetrical power posisitions.
    you can see the same thing for me: I *personally* am not a saviour in any way; just, the narrative presented through which I perceive "nosebook" and the other major power players out there, is actually my "saviour" aspect.

you can see this same literary "saviour" happening in the story of "don quixote" as well, as he serves as a bit of a "saviour" to the romantics of his time: the romantic nobility of that time were the gilgameshes, and the *desire* of the people to have a sort of equalising force summons this hopeless (stuck in the clouds/heavenly perspective) romantic that basically does romance *all wrong* -- and in tthe process, he seems to solve a lot of problems along the way.
  again you can probably see echos of myself here: namely that I'm a person of "humility", but I most notably blow my own horn all the time pointing out to myself and others so many great qualities of myself.
  this is terribly confusing to a lot of the guys that have these massive egos, because mine is WAY BIGGER, and yet I'm not really what you would come to expect from someone with such a massive ego.
so what's happening is that enkidu contains all of the symbols/red-flags of someone that is complettely in their own world oblivious (or maybe they're naive/conscious of it) to the expectations of others; cause their concept of theirself resonates with those symbols, and I seem to perform sequences of actions that would make me *appear* to be one way or another) -- but because they're (I'm) guided by my own conceptualisation of myself, they (I) end up loving everyone just as they (I) love theirself (myself);
  so what's happening is that enkidu (I|don quixote) contain(s) all of the symbols/red-flags (for example) of someone that is complettely in their own world oblivious to the expectations of others (cause my concept resonates with those symbols, and I seem to perform sequences of actions that would make me *appear* to be one way or another) -- but because they're (I'm) guided by my own conceptualisation of myself, they (I) end up loving everyone just as they (I) love theirself (myself);
in short, what I mean is this: enkidu has collected a whole lot of narrative ideals of himself, and he *really is* those things (conceptually), but he has no/little physical implementation/experience of his concept of himself, so he dosn't quite get it all right physically, but in the desire aspect, he *is* the ideals/symbols he sees himself as; and the tragedy is our misunderstanding and trying to fit his ideals into our social-cultural framework.
  it's impossible that society and the people that summoned him are likely to change, so the narrative itself serves the purpose well enough. one day the world will finally "get" (grasp/capture/understand) him. and until he actually "fits in", it's hard to get him to stay around. (like trying to staple jello to a wall)

[1]: as birds fly around: at peace with the world; at peace with the world.
