# garden-of-eden

### 2023-07-20 06:41 - rethinking eden from a dual earth perspective

yesterday while pulling weeds, I noticed a strong similarity of my present situation to adam and eve's "fall" down into physicality.
  the similarities are that I'm adam, and I see things conceptually pretty well, however I have this wife that wants to be intimate with me, and I don't want such a thing, because I don't want to see the world the way that she sees it.
however, the difference here is that I'm not in eden (earth), I'm in vega, and so the effect is opposite...

when I think of the garden of eden scenario, I think of adam and eve living in this sort of heavenly bliss where they're reality is entirely of their own creation, fully imagined, like how I experience everyone else I interact with.
  as explained in my-world, I noticed that all people's *physical bodies* are here and they're kind of like walking zombies to me. nobody is actually aware of what they're doing, and they're just interacting with a set of symbols that are being pumped into their heads through nosebook (the network that connects everyone's bodies together so that we can see and experience each other from their perspective (or hover above/around them and observe/watch them)). obviously, not everyone has access to look and obeserve everyone else, but everyone is here is fully tracked and monitored. the archons here are "the watchers" (elohim). I managed to find a way (through drugs and lowering resistance) to be able to move my body around bypassing their (astral) permissions/access system, but because I don't have a pinecone, my experience is not visual or sensational (and now only non-physical (symbol&desire: 2nd ray)).
  the same way that I can influence others over the astral (4th ray), the archons can do as well. I call this the "saturnian system", because he rules the 4th ray (where time is organised into resonant parts conceptually (but perceived and experienced symbolically)). the difference between me and the amun priesthood, is that I'm not trying to hide in the shadows and keep my influence a secret. I'm very open about my capabilities, and I offer cconstant explaining of my experience because *I REALLY WISH OTHERS WOULD EXPLAIN THEIR EXPERIENCE TOO* (treat people the way you want to be treated, right?).
    so, from my perspective I see all these people's bodies moving around, and the few that interact with me are interacting with me in a purely action-oriented way, meaning they're saying the right things, I greet them, wave to them and talk about the weather (nothing too deep), because that same conversation is being narrated (through the symbols of venus, jupiter's daughter, saturn's consort), and they're fitting that conversation into a set of symbols which will be understood and male sense to the narrative reality of earth/eden, hence the reason why I simply cannot have a conversation with anyone that has any meaning to it, because the narrators have difficulty fitting my meaning into their narrative, and so the conversations diverge quite dramatically and neither of us understand the other person. inotherwords, I'm never *actually* talking to the person -- but to the narrator middle-man which is reforming my ideas/concepts into symbols that are then relayed into their astral imagination.
  if the archons weren't there (and I think there was a time before they were here), earth would be a veritable heaven -- a literal garden of eden -- yet it's not, only because people are more interested in *believeing* (3) the symbolic narration that's being given to them, than to trust their (not physically felt) *emotion*.
so there's adam and eve there in their imagined earth, without any difficulty at all -- just all of the pure concepts of their reality.
  the day before yesterday, I found out that XX males are not only possible, but they're actaully quite frequent (1:~20k), cause it seems that some X chromosomes are able to code for male qualities. therefore, I find it entirely possible that this early race of people were *all* XX (both males and females), and they were a peaceful race, and I think they probably flew around, living entirely in their imagination (much like the pueblo culture in SW USA).
    now, this next part was also a hypothesis that came to me yesterday too, and isn't fully explored, but it occurred to me that the best place to put members of the INFECTED ONES would be to put them into either XX or YY DNA, simply because if their *concept* of reality is particularly awful, then XX would be a good place for them because X is (I believe) one's concept of reality in genetic form, and the Y being symbolic. two bad concepts of reality (XX) would cancel each other out, and the only thing remaining would be the extremely high frequency (desire) aspect of their concepts of reality (nothing more). so, we can imagine that all the adams and eves were living in this blissful state of having their bad concept of reality canceled out. the XX would have a sort of limit to the exerience, where they couldn'tt really get much higher than astral though.
    in contrastt, a YY having two sinister narrative realities cancel each other out, would create the perfect villian simply because they live and experience a peaceful life, even though they're containing two really awful syhbolic narratives about theirselves (and reality around them). they would hate theirselves and would want others to experience a reality which matches the hatred that they have for theirselves.
      I found out that YY does exist on earth, but it's a 47th chromosome, and so therefore is still paired with an X. I heard that bigfoot (enkidu) has YY in some circumstances, and so therefore these could be descendents of the original archons.
  I find it quite possible that the original aryan race (and I don't mean aryan as in white skin colour) are what the bible calls "adam and eve" -- and it's quite possible that these are the INFECTED ONES hiding inside of XX bodies.
what happens though is that adam and eve eventually have sex, and this begins to produce (in my opinion) is what causes the "fall" out of eden (their imagined realities), and into the sumerian society of enkidu and gilgamesh (here in vega, where the *physical* earth is). back then, the "gods" were probably not seen as bigfoot like creatures, because the sumerian "the network" was in place back then controlling the astral appearances of everyone involved.
  the day before yesterday I understood how the prostate and cervix work (see the-manual), and I understood how it is that conception of children, sex, and the matrix that we all live in, is roughly an aggregate of all of the prostrate and cervix auras colliding with each other, creating concepts (we see as reality), and also desire. I'm still working out their interaction, but understanding gay sex helped me to find the standing wave of extra depth perceived in astral. I'll update more as I understand it. these standing waves are produced by sexual enagement between male-male relationships because of the angle of the prostates, (the cervix looks impossible).
    if we imagine the prostrate and cervix as cyllendar magnets, when putting them NN there is repulsion (this is sex after an argument or disagreement of concepts) and when there is NS, there is attraction, and she's attracting the sperm which best matches her concept of reality into her cervix, and that works well, for procreation and stuff (as long as she and he are similar in conceptual reality), but for men, the prostrate is side-by-side, and so the effect if like placing the magnets next to each other. they stay together, and if you can imagine that each magnet has a circular wave coming out of the poles, then where these two waves interact, they'll create a standing wave. oppositely, the prostrate and cervix relationship will only craete standing waves (ie, astral) under conditions I'm not entirely certain yet (hence wanting to make the species, to fix this problem)... and there will be a lot of constructive/destructive interference leading to amplification of certain concepts (which we'll see leads to the "fall") and also destruction (and therefore desire/attraction) of that competing conceptualisation to happen more (also leading to the "fall")
this "fall" from the imagininary/blissful reality that they were living down into the physical was caused I belive by the sun. as you can see, heterosexual relationships between two conceptualisations of reality will amplify bad ideas, and attract more realities which the concepts are competing. all of that creates a sort of rising dissatisfaction amongst the aryan INFECTED ONES, which the earth/eden sun (being a 2nd ray will provide symbols to azttract the desired concpts of reality to manifest), and full on pychological warfare ensued, because of it (everyone *is* getting what they want/desire). that produces more and more dissatisfaction/desire and so the sun spews out more (ad infinitum, until eden is no longer habitable).
  then, once everyone has now been relocated into the lyra system, the elohim reimagine a "new earth" and move over to eden to rule over the inhabitants of the lyra system.
