# marriage-cOncept

### 2023-06-24 20:36 - (desire) in a nutshell

my primary concern (if I'm going to be going this (1,6,5,7) setup) is to go never faster than I want to go. like, we've got to find a way to ensure that I actually go slower and slower with time. for me, this happens because of non-resistance, so the idea would be to ensure that the girls continue to add in difficulty to slow things down.
  later on, my desire is to move into an insect species. in this species, we wouldn't have a inner 6th/astral layer (pinecone) because we're simply going too fast to be able to see in astral. I propose either 2nd (8d) or spectral (6d) as an alternative to astral, because I'll basically kill myself if I see that much too quickly. it's like the ultimate ego death, because I *see* all of my life's concepts pass before my eyes, and if I can't feel good about some of them (meaning I can't react in a short period of time, it feels really bad, and the body ceases its connection to its source (short circuit)). I personally, would prefer to remain in physical (7th ray) for as long as I possibly can, because that's what I want to do: simply be a reflector.
    I realise that I reflect some people better than others, so for me, this marriage-concept is mostly just like a sort of staging. like, you want to have at least one alternate refinery all setup and running before enabling the new primary -- meaning that we want to have a stable state before commencing.
      in order to do this, propose that we wait until 07-07-202? to actually consumate the marriage, because of the reasons I mentioned above (because for me and anyone in my place, this is nearly certain death, as I definitely *do not* feel good about everything that she feels good about, *for sure*)... I have no way to calculate when that will be. (problem for future-JD)
originally my desire is to construct the insect race, which has built in 2nd ray capability (like me), and so the desire there is that I DON'T WANT TO BE 2nd ray. I want to be 1st ray, so this has to be planned for as well (obviously she can be 2nd) -- and pair with my Y (like a binary+ star system).
  the motive behind this desire is found in that if I/we become an insect race (of essentially stars), we will all go (as a group) REALLY SLOWLY. (there's that gradualist's wet dream again: billions and billions and billions of years evolving, lol)
the idea behind the insect race is designed to be a smoothe transition, as we'll all start to become more and more similar and synchronised with each other. (we'll do the universe next; one step at a time; no big jumps)

any marriage that happens resonates with that desire in some way or another (cause that's what I want).
  anyone that wants anothing differently, let's just call that "early access" as they're alpha testing the insect species (in my present state). first time's the charm, right?
    I expect another time we'll do this again in 2034 as well (second time/week is the charm, right).
      and then on to the third time again in 2056 (cause I've heard 3rd time/week is the charm).
        a fourth week? I figure by then we're pretty much masters of own reality by then, and don't need to schedule any more testing phases, as we've got it working as intended by that point.
          too far out to see it clearly, so we'll just have to wait and see, then adjust accordingly.

### 2023-06-25 02:04 - the 50 oarsman setup

I'm way too stoned right now to talk about it in any detail, but I want to add another cromosomes pair on to the base 24 making it 25, 50 in total.
  later, obviously I want to run another model of say 52, then 54, then 56 (all very good numbers geometrically) -- and then why stop there, because after that we'll probably go geo|mtric, and make designs in that are at least 2 dimensional in nature (again, why stop there?). it's pretty much infinite after that, and we're forever limited in speed to the rate in which we upgrade ourselves, given the next rolled out feature set.
    there's actually a lot of merit in not jumping ahead too big. the reason is, it's too hard to assimilate so many (usually unplanned) changes in a very quick time, and it's just not realistic. we could just jump right all the way up to 100 first go, but that's not how I do things... I'll take it one increment at a time, until I'm willing to allow the frequency of those increments to increase, not so much the magnitude (easy to digest bits of change).
  I also like the idea of not going any faster than to the very next setup -- and one thing I've noticed too is that perhaps we shouldn't go in pairs either, but go each individual one, because there are a lot of assymmetrical shapes like 7, 13, 23, 25, etc. like, why jump all the way there because in the future (like say past 100 where we're making constellations, we'll use parts of these old ones as a sort of booster)
    booster becaus LOA (which is all angles of reflection/attraction) only *adds* things together, so even effort to cancel/destroy a wave, only produces another two waves, so it's always more -- and the more rate of change (ie, how much desire), is how quicly one can reassimilate one's mistakes, to get the boost out of the mistake.
I mean, I have a lot of ideas, and I want to make a race that is competent in their implementation. like, I thrive on mistakes, but I learn from them.
  you know, it's funny because I'm reminded of joax in tuenti, because I'm such a quick acting without thinking about what I'm doing, sort of guy, joax (also the same quick acting) served as a kind of stability for me, because neither of us are actually thinking about what we're saying or doing (he loved that zone with me) and that's kinda what it ends up becomming. mistakes are super good and handy to get their boost as quick as possible (from an energy/attraction standpoint).

### 2023-06-25 02:22 - I don't want to go touring at first

I refuse to go touring because I want to express creativity, but because *I* don't want to see them; not yet anyway. like, some things are best left alone until I'm ready to see them. if I do that, then I'm micromanaging and becoming an icon: a 2nd ray. I don't want to do that. I want to work on the creation until it's ready and *then* I/we can become the 2nd ray; until then, my desire is to go all the way up to the end as a 1st ray. we'll become the timeline of many +-1's, always in the present (insect species).
the other reason why I refuse to go touring is, for example, tthe mayan places, like it's really cool and stuff, but I totally don't want to go. assimilate more concepts from them and bring them back (like I like [listening to the guy talk about it](TODO) but I don't want to go there), cause I like to go pretty much into the future. those things feel really old and bad to me (now).
  I must say, this is a new perspective of mine, because previously I know that I really admired the americas and (especially in spain) I really wanted to visit the mexican pyramids and stuff, but now -- wow, let me tell you how terrible that idea feels to me. like, that stuff is so old, and it's comprehensible to me, but not really worth my time anymore. like I'll spend unlimited time in genetics, if I can get there instead of programming digital machines, I can program biological conceptual programs. so you know, just something to keep in mind I guess is that I don't really want to do ancient history, cause I want to think about what I want in the *present* to make a present-only race of beings (seems logical, rightt?)
we (once we're 50-insects) will go all over the place on earth, each manifesting in reflection Of that area's energy (just like I do now, and 2nd rays do it in contrast to another thing). we'll be the shapeshifting females, and the desire implementation dudes all at the same time, choosing to be whatever we want to be by simply feeling that way.
  it'll be easy for us to have sex, being a not-morphology-specific species, all of the sex we end up having, will transform, as they figure out how to be the appearance they/we want to be *and* also feel the way we want to feel (at the same time). (for example,) when we blow up and get angry, we'll shapeshift all over the place (just like my left-side gets stiff and rigid -- jaron knows what I'm talking about, cause that's my limit I set for myself after the brain things).
    all desire is built On some kind of artificial limit that we set on ourselves. zero is impossible, so one aims to try and slow one's improvement by so much that it produces the most desire. the masochists are the ones that set the constant limit for theirselves (we all love a good curve, but *some* (not sure exactly who) like straight lines; we're weird).
      it's funny actually, now that I think about it, why after being constant for so long, do I desire to go to really slow speeds (it's the galaxy thing, I'm sure, because I'll become the centre of the galaxy, and we'll interact with each other inside of the galaxy in each other's star systems, if we're not already).
  like, I don't want to be an even ray (yet), as that's where the most novelty is, butt for the moment, I want to stay a primary 1st ray, until I'm ready to jump in with a whole bunch of other 2nd rays; we'll all (including me) become stars, in a galaxy -- and also a self redesigning species that constant rate (relative to something) adds on another cromosome and we redesign ourselves from the experience point looking out perspective (aka dog-fooding the code).
    I like the idea of becoming a part of a race that cannot move around in time (only appearing as a reflection of space -- so in all space, we try tto manifest ourselves), essentially a massive spatial timeline, that's constantly improving.
