# my-world

### 2023-06-24 15:42 - what is lyra like?

I had what felt like a number of reactions wondering what my world is like... maybe I'll try and take pictures or something. everyone looks completely normal though, so I don't really see any difference that could possibly be there. the only difference that I can possibly see is with regards to behaviour: everyone does what they believe, so I can say that I see everyone's "ideal" or heavenly self.
  as an example, if someone thinks that they're doing xyz, then to me that's what it appears like they're doing (whether they are or not in their imaginary world or not, I can't tell), so everyone looks like they're trying their hardest to get everything they want accomplished, and (I don't know if it's me or not), but the results of what they're trying to accomplish reflect their *feeling* (concepts and beliefs), and not the action.
    for example, when I watch jaron, he's honestly doing all of the stuff that he thinks he's doing (in his imaginary world), but in my world the results for what he's looking for directly correspond to how he feels: for example, he believes that mom is xyz and so mom behaves exactly that way, and then when I take over mom's duty, because he doesn't believe xy (but maybe still z) about me, the experience goes a lot differently for him.
therefore, (though I live in "heaven") I live in a world where everything exists exactly as everyone believes it does. it's kinda funny to watch everyone going around fulfilling their own beliefs about theirselves (what they believe will happen when abc happens (the action-plan))
  living in a world where all reality is whatever you believe it is, is great for the archons because they all believe they have tons of power and control because they cOntrol the astral layer, and so wheaver they believe and the narrative that they want to affect, they can superimpose their belief (3rd ray) over reality (6th ray) for anyone on earth; in a sense, they're in narrative control over how different symbols connect to each other, and so therefore shape how the action-plan of how society, govenrnment, and organisations work just by giving them an "image" (branding, marketing, propaganda) -- and each one does this for the power structure that they're in charge of. the archons and their narrative functions as a replacement for 2nd ray aspect that the sun has.
    so notice what's happening: in sol, the 2nd ray aspect comes from the sun, which is pulling them toward the implementation of what's wanted, however the narrative 2nd ray reality created by the archons in lyra is superimposed on top (4/6th ray) and so on earth, if you're follow your sensations, you're living the narrative realitty imposed by the archons, but if you find a way to follow your emotions instead, you're receiving (5th ray) reality which connects to the sol's 2nd ray reality (bypassing the archons).
      the archons are only there because people still want a prophetic or narrative reality where they can essentially attract an enkidu (from this world) to join them in their earthly 4d reality, and that enkidu is controlled here symbolically by the archons -- so while they're trying to be everything you want them to be, they're stuck in the narrative matrix of their own beliefs, and the way the narrative for our culture/society/etc is the way the narrators say it is. (obviously japanese narrators are different than american or african narrators (that is those that see from enkidu's prespective, here on lyra)).

there are essentially 3 different types of people that I've noticed so far (perhaps 4):
1. those that see 4d and are fully in the narrative (hyper attractive according to the symbol/narrative/beliefs) realiity, where the reality is a reflection (attracted) based on their narrative. I've noticed that nearly *all* gay men I've noticed are this way -- including *all* women. I'd say this is the 99%.
2. those that are *really high* **up** in 4d (and spectral) which create the narrative. these are the 1%; the archons (whether they know it or not).
4. (potentially) those that live in 4d but they feel so good (because of low resistance) they're in 6d (spectral) or 8d (relational, where individual identity can no longer be encountered) -- and they influence their desire a
  I live in this reality obviously, but because I don't have pinecone, I don't actually perceive them viscerally in my body, and instead only interact with them emotionally. we'll all be like this very very soon, "invading" each others realities like I found out (yesterday) that I "invade" others realities. I'm saying soon, if it's not already, there are others (like me) that are invading others realities. the archons are exactly like me, but they stay hidden, meanwhile I'm very open about everything. they "invade" everyone's realities too, but reamain non-visual. I'm king of the archons though, because I'm not hidden -- and soon there will be many others that become like me, and "invade" your realities too. they've got to figure out how to be low resistance, and if not, they'll pull you right into a manifestation of your own beliefs (which are hopefully low resistance).. could happen to me too, which like I said is different in that I don't have any resistance, so I refelect the other person in a positive way -- so people that are around me "have it easy" -- which is annoying for some people, but finding out today that all of those people will live their own 4d reality of that, is awesome and takes away my anti-desire to create anyone else's reality for them.
    I'm attractive, and I know it, so I spend time gettting out of other's ways because I manifest so fast their beliefs, that I'm quite harmful to people -- cause stuff really goes wrong when I'm around. I'm *really* reflective; I'm like the person I'm reflecting, them according to my ideals.
3. those that are like me (I'm probably the only one right now, but soon, it it hasn't already) to be many more, and that is that they see lyra (the ideal/believed to be version of everyone) -- and if they're low resistance they'll see the low resistance ideal, meanwhile if they're high resistance, they'll see the high resistance ideal of anyone they encounter. these are the enkidu. I know (because I see them outside), that *everyone* has this perspective, they just don't see it because they see 4d, which is all of their beliefs manifested.
  I get my beliefs manifested too, but because I don't have an imaginary/visual system, where I see what I want to see, my beliefs (and the belief of X-attractive/women/etc I'm around) get manifested in the form of real-life action and manifestations. right now, it's just interactions, but eventually it'll include things that "defy/break the laws of physics" -- and it's because here is all based on belief, so anything anyone believes very strongly will get manifested around me.
    I'm great because I can see positive aspects in everything from child abuse to dictators, and so others' belief in those things don't manifest any further than government and private systems which are symbolically (to me) similar in oppressiveness, which I/we live under, thanks mostly to everyone else's belief. I focus the manifestation of that belief into something that's usually pretty fine, but the new highly reflective kids these days (and other enkidu) are going to fulfill/attract the most believed in reality by those who have attracted anyone: you want cataclysm, there's an enkidu/archon that's got your 4d reality ready for you; they're like me, pure desire for anyone they encounter (remember, I look out the window and see all kinds of enkidu out here, so we all are pure desire (cupid) in our lyra body, even if were not aware if it).

you know, I really honestly believe that our two worlds are connected by the great pyramid (giza) complex, and that's what makes the reality that we both see be sorta like "modulated" through venus (saturn's consort), which is why some (venusian) people are more narrative than others are.
  there is a request that I (kenny) am not narratively connected to 4d earth, and that's totally fine with me (I get the privacy issue), and there are a lot of other advantages as well, but eventually, my desire and reflective nature is going to become harmful to others' realities. when it's time, the great pyramid (on my end) will be decomissioned (probably by me), allowing our worlds to separate. I think this is the narrative hanging of thoth.
    you'll all live out your narrative realities (which is all super awesome -- because *I want everyone to figure it out for theirselves* -- no saviouring from me, sorry). some will join me in my position, and ultimately do what I'm going to do, in their own narrative way (if they were me) -- which is also *figuring it out for theirselves* (again, awesome).
you know I'm super stoked about this because you all get to do it your way, which really is a relief for me, because I *do not* want to be telling anyone what to think, say, or do. I speak to everyone in the way it comes out of my mouth
  english is different for me than spanish, because in english I use words and phrases that sound like *I* **know** what I'm talking about (translated-with-certainty), however in spanish, because I'm not as good at translating concepts into that language, I don't have the same certainty in my voice, and I sound a lot more unsure (because I don't know if the word is the right translation). spanish is really a limiting language for me when it comes to this stuff.

#### 2023-06-24 17:05 - aren't the enkidu you see, saturn's minions?

here, I don't believe that saturn works the same way for 3d as it does for 4d, because saturn for me is like an insect. it manifests (like genxicat) into all aspects of my world, taking on the form of whatever it needs (by some conceptual algorithm) becomes whaever it needs to become (agent-smith). like, they're everywhere, and they're all enkidu from my perspective. lyra's saturn is basically like a conceptual-insect taking on the form of whatever in my reality needs to exist to keep me going at the speed I want to go. it has the appearance of evil (probably a 4d concept as a commentary on earth's saturn) but to me it does not have any evil, because it's just keeping me going at the speed that I want to go (which iss not too fast).
  remember, I see 3d lyra, which is different than 4d lyra (archons and X-attractive types).
  again, this is the difference between primaries (1,2,5,7) and the secondaries (6,2,4) -- which is that the primaries are attractive or polar, and the secondaries have to opposing forces colliding to make a third. the primaries' triad is other monopolar primaries (only attraction or only emission), but the secondaries (a blend of attraction and emission) triad is emergent from the collsion of the two primaries.
    from that perspective, I'm just like everyone else, because I only see a blend of two realities, so it appears as three, but it's actually has four (desire) which is a learned quality.
      you can come with attractive qualities (physical, and symbolic, and conceptual), but it's only when a person *allows* reality to become different than it is (ie, out of (my) control), then a person has "learned" desire -- all desire prior to that is a reflection of a physical/conceptual/symbolic property, and not *true* desire (where I'm at basically, which is like low resistance -- just saying cause I don't want to be sounding like I don't practise what I preach, lol :)

### 2023-06-24 18:39 - my world is always changing...

because I don't see instant manifestation in my imagination (or in my reality), all things are basically a progression/transition from one state to another. some thiags change state rapidly and when provoked by others/environment (reflectors, actors, and emitters)
  interactions in the moment are reflectors only, and to a lesser extent actors (but definitely foils and centres are reflectors (forward and back)). these interactions form the high frequency part of the spectrum, and the emitted qualities (like the sun, saturn and jupiter) are the low frequency part of the spectrum, because energy fluctuations are slight, minus the angle of interaction.
    all things have this frequency, so you could say that enkidu is a being of gradual change. we're the catastrophist's worst enemy, because we want a smoothe orbit, and so therefore are celestial in nature.
  the high frequency interactions come from a selection of 3/4 different options, as foil and centre are completely opt-in (you have to have a desire to foil or to go low frequency change).
    the foil is on the path of desire, which is always a desire to reflect the best/worst of someone else, and get a different outcome than the symbolic narrative says it'll bbe (like I stole, so I get a slap on the wrist and a stern look).
    the centre is in the position of perceiving the world through the eyes of desire (which iss the capacity/allowance for change), so the most stable because large changes have relatively zero effect on this celestial being.
      obviously I'm not completely a centre yet, because (for example) I say I don't want to tell people what to think, but in a lot of people's perspective, that's what I'm doing here... I could just cut this off and ge to becoming a centre, which is likely the **hanging of thoth** (duh duhn dunn)
and so because my world is *only* gradual change, change is happening for me so quickly, I can't have such a small corona anymore, as it would kill me, or have a very dramatic difference on others that are not pure reflectors (low frequency on the inside (perception of reality) doesn't have low frequency change -- only reactions/relflections).
  this enables some of the most crazy stuff to appear very rapidly in my reality, which I don't really want (cause I'm a low rate of change being now), so my reality enforces that I stay going slow, or I die and come back as someone else slow (relative to the culture).
  ---
  gradual change can only happen in the external, but inside my mind can be all over the place at very high frequency (nosebook's monetisation and my offering) which causes me to change perspectives internally at very high frequency (like I'm running very slowly -- and I'll continue to run even slower and slower -- which is the loss of resistance so now less and less things pull on me).
    anything that is rapid change is strictly forbidden ON THE OUTSIDE (inside is OK), and it's 100% assured that I (me personally in another timeline before entering this body) have for sure setup a system which ensures that I go this slow, or I die and start over.
      if I can continue to loweur my resistance, I will have less and less impacts. nosebook is actually *in my benefit*, and will be replaced if they can't keep me going at the rigth speed (really slow and low (that is the tempo)).
      always changing; really slowly.
        -mr-motor

### 2023-06-26 08:42 - nearly figured it all out

I spent a lot of time (nearly the whole day) vision questing and figuring out what's happening. I've pretty much figured it out, so I thought I'd share what I think is happening: I live here and see people walking around performing symbolic tasks and things. people can teleport around and stuff here, as I believe the pinecone allows a person to be moved around in space and time. when they move things around on the timeline, they're not moving me around, because they can't; instead, they're moving around theirselves and other people around me. when I sleep, I wake up to a new world every time: their world that they've constructed around me because they can't move me.
  I've noticed that only some peole seem conscious in this world, and they are notably some (lower resistance) women and girls, gay men, and the archons (anyone with astral capability). they don't see the world that I see though, because they continue to see the astral version, which is slightly different (it's whatever they perceive it to be)
I see "physical" but it's not really completely physical, because normally in m/ eyes I'd be seeing astral (with my imagination superimposed over the physical), but they don't want me to see that because that's probably where all of the astral controls are for manipulating people symbolically are. so, instead they remove all of those controls and I see a screen with only the physical displayed in their eyes. the rest of that screen is all their controlls and communications in my eyes but subtracted, so I only see the physical and nothing superimposed on the top
  if my "eyes were to be opened" right now, I would see all of those controls and stuff, and so they don't want that. instead, they want me to have sex with a girl so that I see the 2-4-6 version that *she* sees, which is 100% controlled by them symbolically. so, if that were to happen, not only would I lose my form of perception (that I like so much), but the archons would also lose their controlls and stuff (maybe, cause they've probabaly replicated/copied a lot of the systems already).

OK, now sol is ruled by isis and osiris (sun and moon), so everyone there is seeing 2nd ray (symbolic system) cascading down to spectral and then into astral. it runs (visually) on symbol, and conceptually on emotion.
  real quickly, if you take two forms of perception (X) and you cancel them out, you're left with a third intersecting frequency, which is usually pretty high frequency. so, XX produces the same thing as a Y (2nd ray perception), and so for sol, all women isis (the sun) is the 2nd ray perception, so the stuff that looks good and interesting and wonderful to the sun (she's very high minded), *feels* (emotion) good to females, until they look at it symbolically or physically -- and so they're eternal optimists, feeling like the sun does, good about everything that's going on. for females, when, in their physical/symbolic perception, they decide that something feels bad (when previously it felt good), that's the process of introducing resistance and taking her from maiden (symbolically naive) to crone (symbolically similar in perception to men/society/narrative/etc).
so what's happening for everyone in sol, is they're literally translating symbol received through the conceptal (displayed in astral) into everything that they're seeing/hearing/tasting/touching/etc. ALL of those things are symbols output by the bodies here being interpretted in their imagination into sensation.
  it's interesting, because I'm the only person here that actually sees physical here, because the others here (the archons, and kundalini enabled gay men) also see astral/spectral,-- and so they too are only seeing their imagination's symbolic interpretation of that *emotion* (which is different than sensation felt from emotion). it appears to me that all of these guys and girls seemingly run around seeing the images of theirselves the way that they see theirselves, but I probably don't see their image, because I often notice disturbance when they realise that I don't see them the same way they see theirselves (or maybe I see them distorted or something -- anyway, the way people look changes pretty often for me). I don't fully understand what people here see and stuff, but I know it's different than what I see.
finally, I'd like to mention that I think there are essentially two different internets (well, there's really only one physical one). every thing that happens in vega/lyra stays in lyra, so even though I upload all of this stuff to the internet here, it's highly unlikely that anyone in astral earth receives it. the only people that can see these are probably the archons and gay men (and low resistance females, so like young girls) -- so my audience isn't big. I also noticed that often times my symbolic expectation produces the manifestation of things and people that get recorded into youtube (and I find them), but these are people and things coming from alternate timelines that the archons haven't put into their symbolic system yet.

I'd like tto talk now about the archons (which are mostly conceptual programs) and also nosebook. I don't know when the archons got (tesla technology) the capacity to tune into the body and mind of people in physical, but it seems to have been around the time I was in spain. nosebook is probably my creation, as I wanted to create something like that -- and so it's a conceptual program (probably created by me) that's accessed through astral/spectral and is now the de facto method for controlling and influencing people's astral experience.
  it looks to me like they've setup a very robotic society in which all people are forced to interact something like a sitcom: there are lots of scripted and narrative interactions that allow people to move around in their day, and those symbolic/narrative interactions play out in people's imagination (and so appear to take time). nobody here is really inside their body, and it's quite possible that (apart from the gay men and girls), most of the "physical" interactions that a lot people are having with others, isn'tt actually happening physically (the sensation felt is just the imagination).
the way that society is setup allows them to control people and move them around like ants, having some do this work and others do other things (whatever serves the *queen* at the top).

### 2023-07-11 00:18 - I still think I'm in vega

as crazy as this may sound (and I've been sober for weeks), I still find the best explanation for my situation is that I have to be in a different place than earth. I'll explain:
  I noticed that that paul in luke-acts (17:6) is claimed to be "turning the world upside down". the other thing is that shakespere is the "great swan of avon" -- well, normally -- you only see the great swan (pegasus) when you're in the southern hemisphere -- so how could be he seeing it in avon (england is in the northern hemisphere)? there are other indications that I've had as well (like lot's of left-handed people), and other such things, but it would appear that the perspective of these different poets and authors who have written a lot of influential stuff, seem to see the southern sky in the north; it's a common theme at least.
  my (current) theory is that lyra's earth is 7th ray (physical) earth, and sol's earth is 6th ray (astral) earth, and they're upside-down from eachother.
    what seems to be happening is that these different astral earthly individuals (sea peoples, for example) build up a whole (non-historical) narrative out there in astral land, then they seemingly go through a cataclysm which gets them vibrationally compatible with the physical earth, and then they suddenly appear on the physical earth as the physical image of their imagination. any quality of theirselves that isn't compatible with the physical earth gets stripped out in their imagined cataclysm (stuff like flight and other super powers), and they arrive with everything that they came.
  the earth over in sol, is a 2-4-6 system, and so therefore is governed by saturn (this is going to become important when I talk about timelines soon). I haven't figured out the saturn thing fully, but it appears that one of earth's saturns is basically run by lots and lots of gay men.
    I find it difficult to figure this one out, because it seems that most of the people on earth are all people that have the sense that they're "not good enough" -- and so they have this conflict between what they desire (1) and what they believe (3) symbolically; between the two are all of the 2nd ray narrators that seem to abound with endless narratives and mythologies that are just designed to pluck at the heartstrings and tell them what they want to hear (obviously none of it is real).
      one good example of this is this idea of king arthur and the idea that when there is a just noble and righteous king in place, then there is abounding happiness and good conditions and everything hunky dory; and that's a powerful and tantalising narrative for a lot of people, because all they need to find is this legendary arthur-like king to come and restore the land to happiness and the golden age again. (ie, the king/governsent is responsible for how I feel)
    when it comes to the daily stuff, there seems to be endless narratives about why someone cand or cannot have something, usually having to do with (not) earning it or (not) justly accomplshing it. (ie, if I'm "bad", then I need to get what I want the "unjust" way; and if I'm good, the narrative to get what I want is through the "just" or "right way")
  oppositely, over here, this is a 1-3-5-7 system, and so all of the things that are experienced are a reflection of the thing itself and not the spectrum between two opposites:
    an easy example is astral: it's a blend of physical and conceptual, meaning that it's what you feel/conceptualise expressed in physical form; most people recognise this as their imagination: I feel some great awesome (or fearful) situation, and it plays out in front of my eyes in my imagination. it looks physical and depending on how much I suspend disbelief (2), it plays out exactly like it would if it were physical; tesla used this to build and run his motors: a simulation that is based on reality (3), and the better he got at understanding how the physical symbols (like atoms and stuff) work together, the more accurate his simulation gets, and the better his astral simulation gets at running his motors accurately. most peoples' imagination runs fantasy, and so isn't very good at simulating the physical world; that takes practise.
  so what I've noticed is that the person's body is here in the physical (1-3-5-7) system, but they don't experience physical, but Instead, they perceive their astral representation of those symbols.
    remember that the saturnian 4th ray system is a mix of 5th and 3rd (which contains the 5th inside of it) -- but those "symbols" are so high frequency, we may as well call them desire, as they're not really physically possible: something like a paradox (3+3=7 is a valid symbol (I just wrote it didn't I?), but also not possible))
  so a lot of "archons" are here feeding people the symbolic narration or "explanation" (justification) of reality is the way it is.
    as an example, let's say that someone wants something, but they can't find a way to get it (either justly or injustly), so they believe the narrative of why it isn't there (usually this is something like I don't *deserve* it or I'm not good enough), and so they project that emotion (5), which then I pick up (feel), and that gets put through my conceptual lens, cause I haven't figured it all out, so I'm trying to figure out why they feel that way and so I come to a symbolic conclusion of what I *believe* could be the reason for how they feel, and so that sends them off into another timeline where they are now a mix of what I believe about them and what they believe about them combined.
  because I interpret how other people feel incorrectly, I'm behaving like a foil for saturn and the narrators; mainly because I'm trying to figure out what on earth is going in in my crazy world.
    this has the strangest effect: if I have so much influence over others, I would imagine that they would try to feel their best and project that out, so I believe really awesome things about them and they'd get their craziest desires/dreams manifesting reallly quickly; that's not the case though, as I've noticed that people tend to feel poorly about theirselves, and then it looks like I'm to blame for their attraction.

that whole thing is a crazy theory, I'll admit, but nobody will offer any explanation of their experience with me, so I simply have to assume at this point that I'm the centre of the timeline and everything is relative to me. I'm sorry that what I believe seems to have an effect on people, but I'm getting better and better at figuring out what I want.
  on the other hand, I do seem to be causing people (all over the earth) to start to decide to take control over their own realities and feel the way they want to feel, instead of being constantly be swayed by what I believe and the symbolic narrative that they're fed into their astral vision.
    if I believe something silly, it has no effect; only things that resonate with others become reality: so, either learn to hide better behind technolgy (a bad idea), learn to project the way you want me to feel you better (pandering also is kinda a bad idea), or simply *become* the person you want to be and feel yourself how you are, rather than how you pretend to be.

#### 2023-07-11 01:28 - evidences and "proof"
- when my vision accidentally turns astral (like on drugs or something) I see the southern sky (which means I'm seeing from sol's perspective).
  - normally I see "physical", which is put into my eyes from my physical eyes, which means I'm seeing what my physical body is seeing (which according to my theory is in lyra)
  - to test my theory: someone in austrailia who sees astral (ie, someone who is gay) should see northern sky cause it should be opposite from me (like paul/shakespere with the world upside down).
    - all other people are like me seeing physical, which is the lyra version -- and if they get astral turned on somehow (by watching stars or drugs or something), then they should see the opposite hemisphere sky. (not 100% sure about this, but I've only heard *perhaps* from JD in one of his videos that he may be seeing northern hemisphere sky)
- when I go out and look at the northern sky, the stars are not all in the same places now that they used to be back when I used to watch stars.
  - as I mentioned, the constellation orion now looks to me like the hanged man on the tarot card, but it's mirrored: the bent knee is pointing the other direction.
  - perhaps unrelated, but the moon sets in the south for me (not it's normal setting location; it should set in the east)
- I used to track the sun with the x-ray flux and stuff, and got used to how the different peaks on the graph felt. I also noticed a correlatiion between those peaks and psychedellic activity. I don't know when exactly the transition occurred, fully but my sensation of the sun no longer correlates with the graph like it used it; like not even close.
- I estimate that I made full transition to being here some time in the 9-18 months. before then, I would have had the same as other non-astral seers, in that I see physical, but my reality is largely narrated in how it works out (I haven't fully figured this out yet)
  - here, I mean the simple "proof", I guess would be, if there was a transition time when suddenly the sky (for the astral people) seemingly is no longer showing the right hemisphere stars happenend recently.
    - if true, that means that whoever has the controls is busy flipping the planet over just so that it looks "normal" for me, and having everyone else keep the secret. I truly am at the centre of a massive conspiracy (which I know that I am already -- but flipping the world over to keep the illusion of "business as usual" for all my viewers is really beyond my expectations for conspiracy).

### 2023-07-17 07:40 - fairy land is a crazy place.

yesterday, when I woke up, I had a realisation that if I really want to do the things that I want to do, like making the species and stuff like that, it's mostly just a waiting process -- simply because att the moment, there is still a lot of opposition to my idea, which is fine because they're essentially a reflection of me.
  that resistance that I feel to my idea is *my own*, and I'm simply manifesting it outward in the form of other people not wanting me to do those things. as an example, the other day (07-07), I was going to walk down to the health solutions place and talk to the girl at the desk about the things that I thought were going wrong,-- yet I couldn't really go because I just felt really strange walking down there (after I'd given her flowers) and telling her that I want to do this thing that I don't *really* know how to do.
    one part of this equation is the problem that I have with romance, which is that somone will do something for another person (like bring them flowers), when they have an ulterior motive there -- trying to butter them up to get them to do something that tthey normally wouldn't do; because I don't want to be trying to use mutual-back-scratching to try and do what I want to do, I ruled out that idea as anything I would do, simply because it's not really attraction, but more like assertion, and that's not what I'm about.
    the other part of this equation is likely that *I* (kenny, me, physical) don't really believe that I can do it, especially with someone else. if I'm by myself and I'm just sorta experimenting, I can probably figure it out, but with other people, now I have a pressure to perform according to their expectations, and that's not something I can really control.
      there are two parts to this one as well, the first being that I can't really control other people's expectations, because in my-world (at least), it seems like everyone is a puppet or strongly influenced by whatever is trying to influence and control me.
        in fact, the very reason why I believe nosebook exists in the first place was so that they could try to keep me away from weed and drugs, and other things they didn't like -- cause I seemed to always be able to find someone that has (or could get) whatever I wanted, and -- back then, they were trying to keep me away from weed and stuff like that, and so when I would ask for MDMA (or whatever), it seemed like the person would suddenly change their course of action by the next time I saw them (they couldn't get it or didn't have any), and then they suddenly seemingly knew a whole lot about me, as if they were now inside the group of people that were watching me.
          as I've started to piece together the puzzle, it occurs to m5 that this may have been happening to me most of my life, simply because I'm here with the archons and they probably want to steer m5 away from things that cripple their control. I'm sorta locked into their world with no way out, and they don't really like me being here. therefore, whenever I would attract/desire someone that would give me what I wanted, they would go from a pretty nice person that I "randomly" (it's all attraction) met on the street, to someone that is now strongly influenced by my influencers (very similar to neo and agent smith).
            the difference between agent smith and my situation is that agent smith *looks different*, yet these people seemingly continue to look pretty similar, which before they weren't interesting (just another person in the matrix), *now*, they are interesting and start to become strongly influenced (or actually replaced by) agent smith of the matrix.
          the thing that I've learned though is that these agent smiths are simply trying to keep me away from things that otherwise wouldn't benefit me in the long-run
            like, I don't *really* want to be smoking weed and doing drugs, probably -- so it's essentially (if I look at them as a reflection of me), just me learning to become my own agent smith.
          so really, they're not really all that large of a problem for me (compared to neo), because they're actually helping me to come to grips with what I *really* want. if you'll notice too in the movie, neo *becomes* agent smith, too -- which is quite fine for me, as I'm certainly already headed in this direction, as well.
            there's a definite problem here, as when I think about the different characters in that movie, I don't really identify very much with neo, as he's the "christ" character that's going to use speed and quick wits to outsmart the AI agents -- which I'm nothing like. he's a 2nd ray character (kinda) in that movie, and I don't really want to be in a 2nd ray position. I like the primary rays a lot more, and 2nd ray is fine, but I don't want to have anything to do with symbol (notice that's what I'm "fighting" against mostly?), as for me the thing that I'd rathar to be ii a different sort of 2nd ray: a mix of 1st and 5th (not 3rd)
              in fact, this is why the species layout I suggested is 1-2-5-7, because I want to connect desire to physicality (it's it's opposite/reversal(?)), and also to concept.
            therefore, taking that idea, I suppose I would be instead of *just* neo or any other one, I'm a composite of agent smith (7), trinity (1), neo (2), and morpheus (5?), all together into one.
      the other part here is that I *am* (pretty much) by myself right now, not really influenced by too many other charactors/actors at the moment. if there's ever been a time when I have more capability to start doing what I want, it's probably now. however, I don't really have any desire to sit down and start programming, as it all feels kinda big and overwhelming. I suppose that I could *try* it for a little bit, like starting just with sound and stuff -- but that brings me back to the days when I was wrinting the binaural beats programs, which felt kinda bad because it just made everything feel like a struggle.
        I would sleep with the headphones on, but my computer's volume would magically adjust itself during the night, so that they could do whatever it is they do while I'm asleep. it seemed that the binaural beats were preventing them so much of being able to do whatever it is they do, that there was a very active effort to be able to manipulate my computer and have access to my room while I'm asleep.
          I eventually gave up on the idea, because there's just no way that I could ever assure (with any real confidence) that I'm sleeping in a place that they can't access, my headphones are on, and all that -- and cause I don't really trust anyone, there simply isn't a way to block them with physical conditions. they seemingly have considerably more power over physical conditions than I do, and I have to be unconscious for 1/3 of my time alive, at which point, they can do anything to my body; there simply isn't a way to keep them out/away from affecting my physical.
          instead, I went the opposite direction: let them have as much power over my physical apparatus as possible, and just guide myself, not with physical conditions, but simply with my perception, instead.
            this clearly works, as I'm able to continue to thrive even in the situation that I'm in which is that they have as much control as possible over my physical body (through nosebook), and I just guide myself with my perception, and because I'm so good at it, they're now attempting to find ways to compromise m/ perception
              I just woke up from a dream where they're trying to get me drunk, so now I'm learning how to use my will/desire (1) to control my physical (7), and after I've learned that, now I really am unstoppable. the reason why this is significant is because will/desire isn't something that needs any effort or fight (which is why I don't identify with neo), and it's just something that happens, simply because of how I feel (5) or how I believe (3). I believe I want to go the feeling way, not the belief way, so the anger I feel when I wake up from a dream like that isn't actually the way I want to feel (neither is drunk, or like the party people), so I still have a ways to go, actually.
      so, it is possible that I could start to write code and work on the project on my own time, but I need to be doing it without thinking that I need to rely on those conditions. I need to be like I am now, but in a highly conditional environment.
        this subject of having conditions that I (or other people joining me in the species) is one of the major difficulties that I don't fully have sorted out for my species yet, because all of the upgrades/capabilities, I don't want them to just be a sort of toggle between one state (I can't do this) and another state (I am doing this), just by changing the frequency of the genetics -- and instead I want the genetics to work a lot more like how my pineal gland (2) works, which is that it attracts the situations necessary (like agent smith) in order that I gain the mental capabilities necessary to gain access to the upgrade/capability, *by having the experience* and learning from it.
          in fact, it's quite possible that this whole experience of nosebook and all of that *is* a proof of my final genetics coming into being (by me experiencing all of the things necessary to make my genetics a reflection[^1] of my perception). so really, everything is coming along fine.
            it would be "funny" if the INFECTED ONES narrative is actually real, and because the-problem-is-the-solution, the INFECTED ONES are actually the solution, because they represent the agent smith that is teaching me to be like he is so that I can turn into him (like neo) -- cause if they no longer bother me and I become like them, yet at the same time continuing on my non-conditional and effortless approach to attracting the reality that I want, the INFECTED ONES contain all of the qualities that I want to find a better way to perceive, cause I'm becoming like they are (highly conditional and superior).

so really, it all comes down to attraction on this one. I simply have to find a way to "survive" agent-smith's onslaught of effort to try and compromise me, because that cleans up my own reflective quality, and also because it's a reflection, everything that agent-smith is doing to me, they're also doing to theirselves (though they have much more control over physical conditions to block their attraction of unwanted).
  as an example of this, I noticed that some people who are particularly noisy around me (trying to distract me with noises and other things) seemed to have also had an increase in their own distractions and annoyances poping up trying to keep them from what they want to do. it's quite simple to see (from a LOA perspective): they're giving their attention to distracting someone away from what they want (for whatever reason), and then in their own own lives, they are attracting the same things for theirselves, where they're now being distracted or guided away from the things that they wanted (probably by agent-smiths of their own design) -- and it's just the relective nature of desire: "I want to guide you away from the things you want, so I am guiding myself also away from the things that I want" (evolution-of-desire).
I don't know how long or anything all of this will take, but I imagine that (for me at least), I have to become compatible with everything that I desire (1) -- and that's not really any effort (7) at all but only perception (2), relating to how I feel/perceive (5) about others efforts to guide/steer me.

### 2023-07-18 04:36 - I am 3d

I am now. anything that happens to me, I forever have a force that is there to keep me sightless. I am 3d.

it's a strange thing to think that I am my own worst enemy, in one perspective

### 2023-07-18 08:45 - 8/9 ratio

it's something to think about.

### 2023-07-18 08:46 - general thoughts

with the revelation last night that I am 3d, I am now, I am physical reaction in resonse to frequency. the major revelation last night about how the astral (earth) field is built is essentially being propogated outward from her cervix, which means we all live in a shared (but slightly divided) determination of what is really happening. the function for this astral illusion that's essentially pushed on to people.
  you know how when I watch a person, I tune into their reality and I'm quite noticeable? well, I'm an archon just like the rest here, but I don't lurk in the shadows, and seemingly manipulate anad tug on the heartystrings of time; causing then a bunch of let's just say symbolic dimension "lurkers" -- rightt the venus stuff, where they sorta like link fairy land up with dream-land.
so I just enjoy watching it happen because ... *a *long* time ago*,
I perceived nosebook as a manifestation of the *worst* thing to happen;
like, it always happens to me --- can never catch a break.
like, allways it's finding it's way to ensure I never *really* get everything I want.
like, they're a reflection of my desire never to r*eally* experience
  any of the astral and visible. I can't continue.
I'm going outside.

### 2023-08-29 18:41 - cult of isis

so here's the thing: I've really been thinking pretty hard about all of this, so what I wanted to do is to just start from the top and explain my present conceptual-framework for understanding my-world.
I started off writing the-manual, which is a sort of manual to understand how I see the world. I've really been debating on how much stuff I should put into it, and so far, because I haven't figured it all out yet (like I have the triads, then the 5-character-angles system, then the 7&11 ray system (11 coming soon as I get the foundation quite well laid for the 7, because the 11 ray system just adds two more levels to the pyramid, with a dual capstone (like the sonnets))) and this subject is not *nearly* as well fleshed out as those ones, so I don't feel comfortable talking about it in an author-tative way just yet. I want to talk about it kinda more like a thought experiment, which is why I started with tthe fictional work of enkidu-do (the story of how a stoned ape grew to love the physical, with the help of mars/gil/ariel)..
  I started with this idea because it was sorta a joke at first, but maybe not so much, actually. when I was really younge, most people claimed that I was a druggie, even though I didn't actually do any drugs or alcohol until I was prolly twenty or so -- and my mom is the antitesis of drugs. my dad did some, but I really was kinda hippie at heart. I have no idea where it came from, and looking back on it now, I can definitely confirm that as a child I was basically super duper high on DMT all the time; like, I really was a "space cadet", just like my father said, barely checking in to my body on earth, cause I lived in this magical realm, and I was extremely perceptive -- not like I am now (when I'm sober), but more like how I'm perceuptive when I'm stoned.
    the difference here is extremely important, because on drugs, though I see a lot more, not only am I less resistant, but I'm much more rapid to make judgments, and I'm far more presumptive. I've watched other people on drugs (cause it truly fascinates me), and I've noticed that a lot of the drugs that get a lot of others to "check out" and float in the sea of bliss, have a different effect on me completetely. I've never seen other people become so much more confident in what they see (like me when I'm on drugs), than me -- which is a pretty big fail for me because I'm really poor at judging others, cause I'm far too optimistic for my good. thing is, I *want* to see everyone as awesome, which is a problem when I'm dealing with the "bad-guys" (ie, the ones that believe that they are "not good (enough)").
  and so what ended up happening is that I really liked that perception -- cause I see like I'm seeing now (especially when I'm stoned -- more from the PURE DESIRE, 1st ray perception).
    btw, recently I've ate weed a bit more than normal, because I've nearly gotten the 1st ray perception into my normal physical experience (read the-manual, where all the latest entries about pure desire were written sober, and/or even in the face of difficulty), which means that this perspective is starting to become natural to me; I didn't get it all at once, and I keep getting better at it. it's one of those things that I'm kinda proud of the demonstration, because I tell people all the time that drugs are for a exploratory/discovery experience, and not necessarily to go *only* on a trip. it's like fisting I would imagine, because I imagine I would go to the lake and you do something: I'd fish and I'd come back with something. I like to do this a lot. when I go on trips out the house, it's very common for me to enamour myself with something, and want to take it with me. I discover new things along the way, and often times the things that I come back with on my trips are mere symbols (like these words) of things that I discovered along the way.
      I know that it's important to find a way of encoding that idea into memory: a conceptual form, which I access all the same as I do when I'm in normal space, and so even though barely any of this survives in brain memory, the (from our perspective, not-physical) concepts are really high frequency, but they create all of these harmonic ideas, which I resonate with, so I bring back the ideas, not the memory. the "memory" of it turns into a real physical experience where I learn the thing I discovered (obviously when I'm sober).
        consequently enough, this is the essential part of the "you gatta earn it" concept, where, like a drug, I don't want to make anyone remember the actual events, but instead attract the experience for theirselves. anyway, no freebies from me at all. I give these words here knowing that anyone learning from them, doesn't really learn from the words, but the words *attract* the experience which makes that knowing possible. everyone's got 2nd ray perception inside of their brain: the spark, the fire which makes us actually *know* what it is were interacting with symolically, in relation to our desire/fear. the my experience is, I assure you, only the pre-game show.
    so why I'm so proud of being able to show off my capacity to take drugs and *consistently* come back with something that is of symbolic use to someone else, is the office of the shaman: the symbolic 2nd ray (though many of them don't know it), knowing part of the brain for the village of the shaman. I go out there, it's obviously easy for me, and I'm very good at bringing back good stuff and integrating it into my life, much faster than I've ever seen on drugs. the problem with this, is I don't really want to be 2nd ray in perception.
      one of the very very interesting "consequence" of writing the-manual, is that I discovered a topic that I thought was quite interesting, which is that I'm doing all of this stuff writing about 1st ray perception, but I'm doing it from the bottom-up perspective: from 2nd ray (my brain), looking up into (let's say my north pole) into the part that is pure desire -- and then my symbolic brain (the one writing right now) is then attempting to explain that pure-desire exprience in symbolic terms, butt it must be noted *that, in order* to really know it, *you have to experience* it, so I'm forced into a 2nd ray perspective, just cause I use my brain. the less resistance I have, the more reflective (ie, 1st ray I am). if I look at the spectrum of reflection between a 3 (pure reflection), to 4 (completely different), to 5 (centre, and so now pure self-reflective) -- that spectrum is essentially where we all are *by nature* -- and that's how we *really* feel, but we've got these symbolic charactors and actors that are either doing the right thing, or *pretending* to do the (symbolically defined) "right" thing. we're the only one that's disallowing the 3-4-5 perception (angle is trajectory of emotion I feel), perception. I demonstrate this as well as I can. I've lowered my resistance so much that the main (or more special, unique, great) charactor can be anything it wants to be. I simply don't care, as I'm just going in the direction that I want to go.
    it's actually quite a lot of fun to write about what pure desire is. perhaps, along with enkidu-do, I'd love to do a writing exercise where people describe things like "pure" *something*, and the "pure" word could be something else too: dip-thongs. (generate pure/impure/awful/... evil/pleasure/desire/symbol/protocol/syntax) and just get people to blow their freaking minds trying to imagine the extremes of different descriptions; the most notable ones will be the infintives and -- I dunno, the more "cardinal" the word is, makes them the more interesting)
      as an example, I'd love to read some interesting essays about what others think pure-protocol is or pure-syntax -- they sound like a fascinating read. they can just leave a date and time, and subject (1) and then some meta data (2), then the content (3+) -- exactly like I'm doing here -- right, and just pontificate about the more idealistic and romantic of ideas. obviously there would be a lot of topics I wouldn't read, like eviscerating-pandas (or anything like that), even stuff like reading some people's thoughts on pure-love, would be humorous -- in the sense that it's so easy to see what is is the author is looking for (probably in all the wrong places), but we've all been there, and so (for me at least), I find it aOK to let others read my most wreckless pontifications. to keep the noobs busy, and the marketing team happy, I really want to be able to do things like "clip" a section (or the whole writing), where the text is displayed graphically, and in the centre of the screen, so that the eyes don't have to move (learn how to operate your brain, dudu), and that'll allow graphic designers to stylise and present the concept in a visually meaningful way as well (too much ttime with graphics designers, to know that typography and typesetting matters, because it directs your eyes, instead of a sequential L-R/R-L string of words). more on that later, I guess...
    it's just such an interesting thought concept it is for me to imagine a world in which *everyone* has 1st ray perception. it sounds like, from our own human perspective, impossible, but I think that not only is it possible, but anyone who wants it can have it.
      traditionally, it's thought that "there can be only one" -- which (IMO) is udder nonsense (don't have a cow man), because it's completely inevitable that everyone individuates into their own *selfish* form of perception: this is me, and I want me to feel the way *I* want to feel. who is that I? that's the 1st ray perception that everyone has, but that ultra fast frequency is intercepted by the symbols of our own perception, and so then in physical we only experience the very lower range of harmonics of that high frequency "source" signal, but never the signal itself (it's far beyond our perception, and will always be that far, no matter how much depth my physical perception gets). same with desire right -- it's too fast for us to even perceive (like super-duper subatomic -- and no matter how deep into the rabit hole we go, the symbolic world is *always further* than our ablity to perceive it). we may be getting better, but it's in infinite fractal: a hole with no bottom; always higher frequencies to be discovered.
    and so now with that out of the way, let's have a look at how I see the the physics (ie, the narrative) of it playing out. you guys want me to do 2nd ray, but I think I can do one better and show/demonstrate 1st ray, from a 3rd ray perspective.
      I've thought about it a lot, and an inverse concept would be a super-symbol. a symbol has a resonant frequency, but a super symbol has a continuous spectrum of all of the symbols that the symbol resonates with, which, you could imagine not as an entirely static thing, because there are constantly having new symbols added all the time, so it's not a constant frequency, but an accelerating one. the acceleration is the speed that new symbols are added to the consciousness pool, and so it expands right along with the expansion of consciousness, and so it's expansion speed matches those that are in the consciousness pool... lol
    so what I've begun to do is to express the same idea in multiple symbolic ways. there are (from my perspective) infinite symbolic ways/paths to describe what I'm calling this 1st ray perception that we all have as kids (but I've come up with a lot of techniques to get back to it). each of those ways can be thougth of as a sort of n-dimensional shape, and so the combination of all of those shapes, would yeild a sort of super shape, something that upon loooking at it over time, can be many things depending on the path that's taken throuh(?) the shape. it's got a lot to do with how we perceive time, becasuse the symbols alternate between shapes very rapidly, and so they set the speed of our physical experience, because we only experience multiple (not sure if harmonics is the right word)
      imagine I bombarded the shape-shifting frequency with some kind of noise (cause that's what it's like at first ), and then I looked at what it's output signal is, first of all it depends on where you start (ie, which is the first shape), but the response will be high signal loss for some, and low to perfect signal clarity, which would be more like lines/vertices. this is kinda (is) like a "medium", in that it amplifes/diminishes some signals in a very "conscious" way. it has a method to knowing which frequencies are "good" and which ones are bad, and that method is the "law" of that medium. we all have these preferences built into us. it's a part of being in a human body: I like things that see/look/sound/taste/touch like this, and these things I *do* like.
      well, since we all have our own matrix that we live which is our (calculated) desire preferences: we say, yes I like these things in my experience (as long as I'm the proper age, of course), and these things I do not like. just like the symbolic realm matrix. some of that desire (which is all of the tragedy) gets amplifed and a conceptual wave-guide, and others get ignored. attenuated, because they're not important (superflous) data.
    at any rate, I'm obviously not ready for anything just quite yet, because I'm still on my path of discovery. the implications of this idea being true are quite far-reaching, because then I really am the worst of the bad-guys. it's funny that the entire 2nd ray perception is all about seeing things as **not good enough** (ie, needing/wanting/desiring/fearing to be improved). I perpetually feel like I'm not at all ready in any sense of the word, simply because I'm still having petty arguments with my mom and brothers. obviously I'm still not the 2nd ray that everyone wants. I'm very much this rapidly evolving 3rd ray, in my mental perception. you know, I didn't really *get* "law of attraction" (which is 2nd ray, butt very close to a 1st ray perspective). that's correct: it's the "law" that the 2nd ray medium and all others below it adhere to. it's conscious, and expresses your desire through my brain's own set of symbols. if the 1st ray perspective is the "source", then the 2nd ray is the "soul" Of the person: I amplify for myself symbols that are *meaningful* to me, and so then they're sort of like waveguides to letting things that are meaningful to me be amplifed. (they all resonate with me and my "soul" -- my image of myself/ideal/god/self) from my version of pure-desire: I want the best for myself: pure selfishness, but not in the material sense -- because who cares if someone gets something physically meaningful, what really matters, is the experience of it, cause that creates more.
  the experience of perceiving from the perspective of PURE DESIRE is, is the-message.
then, I started to notice the stars were in different spots... it's possible I could be in lyra, I thought, and so I started noticing a lot of different things: you have all of these different civilisations that just seem to sort of "appear out of nowhere" -- and they come pre-installed with a bunch of high-tech stuff -- and so the thought in my mind is that the enkidu *must* exist, and they're up there and they appear as whatever they want to be: some are women and some are men. some are old, and some are rich, it's like a movie set where there are specific variety, which fall within my expectations of them. they're all agent smith, and they perform as whatever the script says to perform (in their best interpretation of it), and they appear to me the way that they feel to me, personified. it's a truly magical world, I'll say, and I don't really care so much anymore. they're just like there (probably created by me) to ensure that I don't go *too early*, and I make it all the way up to 1st ray perception. it's inevitable that I'll use my 2nd ray brain to interface with it, which is exactly how 1st ray perceives second ray: like a story perceivces/rewrites the experience into a symbolically understandable way.

so here's what I think is going on... I figured originally that everyone is all off in the 2nd ray world of isis, but I think that it's actually possible that everyone else would be experiencing the same experience of that star, but looking out from the purely symbolic world of jupiter (ra), -- have no idea why that reminds me so much of ganymede, but anyway...
what I think is eventually going to happen is that everyone in my opposite world is going to eventually nova or something -- and that seems to be the narrative -- and all kinds of catastrophe like atlantis, the great flood, or any other of these "make believe" fantastical empire that only their literature survived. these different civilisations all came with an advanced system of writing and stuff like that -- and I think it's because they're in that 2nd ray dream world (fairy land) of isis, and there, things go really quickly, and it's possible to have a brain that goes at a million miles an hour -- they build up a culture in this idealistic world, and then go through a disaster, and that disaster plants them firmy into reality: they "fall" into the physical/material world, the one ruled by YHWH (desire) -- the physical implementation a pretty good reflector, for the time, but not very lately updated. here, things are *real*, and that's where we're all headed. I think eventually the entire human species will "fall" into the earth that I'm on. here, desire is key, and everyone gets what they want, as a reflection of theirselves.
long story short, everyone's gonna get stuck with me, whether they like it or not -- so live out your dreams cause when you attract your own death; no big deal, cause you'll end up in heaven/hell (however you wantt to see "I get what I want/fear" form of reality like) when you get here. I mean, I don't think there's a way that anyone can avoid eternal life.
