# myth-vision

### 2023-09-24 03:48 - prophet abram/abraham thoughts

I opened up [a video on the prophet abraham](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FYbFXbfoE7E&lc=UgylyMtWdxj7mf8e97l4AaABAg), and I saw a comment there that read:

```
Prophet Abraham is non othan Hindu legend Ram.
Their myths is parallely similar.
Prophet Moses is non othan than Hindu Legend Krishna.
Their myths is parallely similar.
Judea tribe of originally Jahdava
Tribe(Tribe of Krishna)
```

that got me thinking about things -- because I've heard that before, and when I heard it, it resonated with me, yet I know also that the origin of the those that settled in the levant area (descendents of abraham) were also likely the same as a lot of the sea-peoples -- and as essentially egypt deflected their attack, they continued up the coastline and conquered the caananite/phonecian people up there, and sorta got sucked into that culture (they married the women and interbred with them -- which also harkens back to the atlantis (plato's version), and also the aryan superrace stuff that the germans were looking for). essentially, as the septuigent was likely their origin narrative, the they were likely greek people, who though intermixing with the mortal admixture of the local caananite women, they lost their god-like capabilites...
  the thing is here is that these stories don't combine -- right? how can abraham be the patriarch of both the indian peoples and also the aryan super-race? doesn't make sense.
what happened is, when I looked at the above comment, I thought to myself there may be a way that both of these stories are true, as there may be something (kinda like a concept) that manifests differently in different timelines (and/or locations) in 3d space. my theory actually solves this problem entirely because I claim that these different 3d honeypots were put down all over the planet. some were caananite, some were indian, others russian, germanic, etc. (all of them).
  you have to imagine this equation from the perspective of desire, which is the 3d manifestation of YHWH: there are all these guys in astral, that are not a whole lot more intelligent than primitive humans; bigfoots, if you will. they had someone (krishna, moses, etc), and each one of these bigfoot all perceive him (YHWH's son -- moses, krishna, mars, etc.) in the way that their mental apparatus was capable of perceiving. to one bigfoot (a reflection of their own mentality) teaches them how to get their greatest desire in whatever way is their latest thinking. some of the enkidu see him as showing how how to be a warrior, others how to get the girl he wants, whatever... he's just teaching them all how to get their desire, and he appears to each of them individually as a reflection *of their perception*.
    in a more technical look at it, YHWH is a reflection of *all* of human desire, which is why he's translated differently in everyone's perception, because they all see what they desire -- and so YHWH would be a really sexy female to some, and a golden ass to still others, and --- it gets pretty crazy what some people desire -- and the more diversity, the better. YHWH loves that there are more (taboo) ways to desire something, because (monad)/she/he/it, is always a reflection of *everything* -- so like pure-evil and also pure-desire all at the same time -- and there's always some one out there that has that pure-evil bit, or any other, so pure-desire/pure-evil could be anything to anyone. get (monad) around one person that is terrible, and (monad) is capable of being really terrible. get them around someone really good, and (monad) is capable of being really good. therefore, conditions and a deep understanding of desire must be accomplished for the (sun)/(son)/adam/mars/etc. which is a reflection of (monad) in the physical. the sun is a reflection of the (monad), just like the (sun) is a relection of the (monad). therefore, sun/adam/mars will always be whoever/whatever anyone wants sun/mars to be. (monad) can be anything to anyone, and so can sun.
  what then happens is eventually these bigfoot spy out some of these honey-pots that have been put down on earth. these are fully autonomous (as in they're symbolically programmed) XX tribes that essentially reflect the earth, a 3d entity. these bigfoot come and find these tribes, and some join the tribe and teach them things (these are the shamen), and their physical 3d bodies gain some awareness of a different world through the administration of psychedellics, but it's my contention that these were likely all XX, including the men. when interbreeding with the XX, the YY bigfeet lost their godlike caabilities (ie, full astral perception) anymore, as they suddenly became aware of the physical aspect -- something that nobody had ever really considered: what do *they* think they look like? bigfoot never sees anyone for how they *are*, but only as how their own brain interprets them visually/physically/etc. everything they see is all *what they want to see*.
    from the perspectivve of desire, it's perfectly logical that these physicality honeytraps would exist, because desire is a reflection from physical, and so the only way to experience pure-desire is from the perspective of physical. therefore, desire wants to manifest itself into these bigfoot's reality, but their own mind is preventing them from seeing things for *how they are*, instead of *how I want them to be* or *how they *should* be*.
    therefore, "if you *really* want to get what you want, you gatta come to to 3d". and so their own mind created these honey-traps that these guys wanted to have -- and so in order to get ready to jump into physical, they invoke this mars/gilgamesh/etc figure (which is the quality of their imagination), going to tell them how to get these symbolically-oriented (sorta like narrative installations).
      what I mean is, imagine that somehow I had come up with the most awesome woman -- or liet's say that I know her, and she's not just some figment of my imagination, --- and I introduce to her to someone and tell her -- this is how you get her (this is how you conquer them and take over their women and girls) *this* is the "right" way to do it (which is a reflection of their own concepts) and so for some people he presents a war as an idea, or maybe a social network -- or whatever (those are examples in this case) because I think we're all this adam guy at heart -- the original XX male, but we've built up symbolic resistance to some ideas which prevents us from reflecting (monad)/YHWH, simply because symboically we prevent ourselves from it -- and rightfully so, because around some truly awful people, I can be pretty awful. in fact, now that I think about it, it's very possible that adam/mars/sun is "I" -- as in I who is talking, the physical identity.
        there's a lot of truth to that because I notice (for me at least), that my imatination is always "you", but my conceptual and physical is "I". when I experience a concept, it is *now*, and it is *I*. even if I feel an "inanimate" object (there is no such thing) suchass a rock, then I am inside the rock when I feel it. I am as if I were the rock in whatever position/circumstance I put him in, in space and tim5.
      then, what I did is I said -- here's the way to find yourseelf everything you ever wanted -- you know like the guys that would get them to do favours for them in exchange for whatever they wanted -- and I really had a way. I would be like mars/adam then -- however, I want to note that anyone can be this way, as we all are (having at least one X), and it's only our own concepts (ie, how we perceive reality) which prevents us from seeing it that way.
        anyway, this one is actually funny, because I *actually do* have a way, but it's not really the "easy way" either. quite frankly, nobody wants it, because I don't give it a lot of hype. the way you get everything you want, is to just be authentic. there is no rulebook -- as I've found by watching humans, is that everyone is capable of putting up with stuff, if the person has some authenticity to them (which is clarity of "what I want"), then that person's "spunkiness" (yes, let's go with that word), is perectly tolerable.
        I have such a proposterous idea which is completely the opposite of mars/adam though, because I aim to make it possbile (through the aid of technology (what could go wrong)) for everyone to essentially *perfect* theirselves, because that is what I want to do, and I want to also make it aavailable to everyone -- as a full "go at your own pace" sort of system, cause trust me !!! --- I do not want to go fast. I like smoothe, and for me that means taking my improvement at a leisurly speed. I'm already going fast enough, there's just simply no reason to want to go any faster, lol. so the technology is everythting I would want for myself, being this adamic type myself. I wanna go to physical with the most awesome 3d setup, cause I think (personal opinion here), that physical is quite nice. I like seening things how *they* want to appear, instead of only seeing a reflection of myself in everyone I see. (see what I mean). I have two points of view. one point of view is my astral Y perception, which is "what *I* want to see", and the other is "how they appear to theirself". I'm not sure exactly what I seee, but it's a blend of both.
          like, when I see someone, I see them how they see theirself, but it's also mixed in with how I want to see them -- which I can't see, so I instead see it in their physical body's animation and (stragely) appearance.
            quick theory on that one, because I think I actually *improve* (or unimprove) people's appearances when they're around me, because I tend to see everyone quite optimistically, and it's because every way that someone sees theirself, is also how they *feel* about theirself, and for me (cause I've lowered a lot of resistance), many of the ways that others feel about theirselves, I don't feel it as a problem at all, because I know that feeling. I started out with the most embarraassing and started my way up in life -- so I've come to be OK with myself in just about any situation -- it just takes a moment of adjustment before I can no longer reject a situation. I'm a relatively fast learner, and eventually (as I move toward perfection), I will (*]over time[*) learn to be able to feel no resistance to (and possibly fullly absorb) *everything*; that's the goal anyway (but at a leisurely pace -- no rush bro -- no getting hasty). (brb 05:24)
            so what ends up happening is, I see almost everyone as much more beautiful than they see theirselves, because I feel differently about them than they feel about theirself -- which means that I tend to have a positive effect on people. I can only imagine what the (invisible to me, but visible with the use of technology) "the way I want to see them" sees them. I imagine that it starts out quite optimistic, but then as the person shows me more of their physical form (ie, how they see theirself), then I starts to get worse/better.
              I know for certain that this has been the case, especially in some situations relating to past relationships -- and the problem there is often that they don't believe they could loook how I see them, (prolly because I see them as nicer/slimmer/prettier/etc than they see theirselves), and so I'm often times feel a lot of attraction, especially from people that don't like theirselves. they're very interesting to m5. I see them better than they see theirselves, so I hold them in an ideal form that is far superior to their own. and so, as they go showing me things they don't like about theirselves, it further shapes the way their physical appearance to be more like what they see, than what I see.
              in sexual relations, because I see so much of their physicality, I'm restrained (mostly) from seeing the way they are, because (physically) I'm so focused on wanted, I see/experience and influence an appearance that is very wanted for me. again, this is a bit of a problem if I'm around someone that doesn't see theirselves highly.
                as an interesting sidenote, I'd like to point out that sexually receptive males have an interesting side-effect with m5 here, because I too have a strong influence to see them the way they *want* to see theirselves, which is often kinda similar to the way that females also seeing them as the way they *want to see theirselves*. that one is always nice because there's never any downside to the way I perceive them. they are only limited by their own capacity to bee the way they want to bee. here is the question: how do you want to be? most don't know what they want to be. most (like m5) are still figuring it out. that's the joke about this 3d reality -- which is thatt we believe we're going to be with someone that sees them how they want to be -- but that's always changing and evolving anyway, so any present instatiation of them is *always* outdated. they, like m5, are in a constant state of flux. change isx the norma, and hte game isx figuring ouwt how to ride the wave, and not crash into the rocks.
              at any rate, the way it turns out is often my own desire to see a person the way I want to see them, but do not (because I don't have a pinecone, and my eye-fibers are disabled) is actually influencing their physical appearance, to constantly be like how *I* **want** to see them. it sucks for them to have someone around that exerts so much influence on their physical appearance -- and others love it. (there's a cosmic-body simile in there somewhere.)
    so what I think is happening is a very similar thing: we're (or at least *I* am) going down into 3d once again. I don't believe that we're going to be raiding any village honey-pots or anything like that -- as I (that is, legion)'ll come in with a bunch of different ideals on how the 3d world should work, and ultimately we'll see if our plan for conquest and universal domination will come to reality.
      the reason why I'm so hesitant to associate myself with some people is because I'll reflect their ideals of my concept of universal domination differently. I don't have any problem with some people and how they see their world
  so what I think will end up happpening (cause it's my desire) is that when we take on 3d appearance on earth (the plants), there will still be a lot of astral entities (insects) will still share the same reality as we do. they'll all be able to look inside of us and see what we want to see (astral) imagery that happens in the pinecone (reflector) and the eyes (charactor/actor). we can imagine them as a sort of artificial intelligence (though I don't think there's anything artificial, except in our own perception).
    about that: the plants will have emotional control over their appearance, and because they don't have a pinecone, the world around them is a reflection of ttheir pinecone, and not just their mind. what I've noticed is that my "what I want to see" often times strongly influcences physical reality.
    the insects are the same way, cept instead of controlling it be the way they feel (feeling-purposefully) they're controlling it astrally.
      there ixs a power to the shell of a scarab beetle. the resonant cavity that it has is able to capture frequencies of the astral spectrum and keep them there. others have claimed to do it with crystal balls -- and even the inside of our skull is like one. it captures those frequencies well, and makes it possible for mental imagery to be perceived inside of that resonant cavity (prolly pyramids are like this too -- but designed to pump those frequencies outward).
    so they're like real insects in the way that they've got all of these plant (and the animals they attract) resources to take advantage of. one insect likes poop and to see real good, so he's a fly. others like flowers so they buzz around and make sweet stuff. others still fly around swamps and eat other insects for breakfast. it's a wild and crazy world out there, because they all see the world the way they want to see it. all of these resources get moved around and taken advantage of, and for some plants (like with the bees), there is a symbiotic relationship -- and for others, like termites (who look so cute, btw) the relationship is destructive.
  each one of these insect hive-minds can be seen something like a culture (in the fungal sense): that they are each a reflection of their environment, fit into the container of their (physical/DNA) form.
  my plan is to make the diversity of these hive minds to be ever increasing, so it's never going to be a problem if one group is really really big (like, there are a lot of bees, for example) -- just so long as the number of different *types* keeps increasing.

and so, I'd like to imagine that right this very minute there are a number of different people out there that are seeing me as this adam/mars type that is a reflection of their desires/fears teaching them how to see and attractt their greatest fears/desires. everyone will (in their astral mind) see me however they want to see me, which is a reflection of how they see theirself and their desires (the ones I'm compatible with in their symbolic reality, anyway) and so I appear to be "teaching" everyone how to make their wildest fantasy (or fear) come to reality. after some time passes, I figure that it'll no longer be possible to continue on in our astral world, as our desires (and ourselves) will have become manifest in 3d (a reflection of) run by YHWH/desire reality. it'll be fun.
we're going to repeat the abrahamic saga ourselves, as (some of us) that is, the "choosen ones" (cause the insects don't want to go yet) will descend into 3d reality.
  each of us "choosen ones" will be like a star, radiating outward (radially) all of the conceptual aura of the way we see things. though we see the same thing (what the galaxy sees), we all see it relative to others, from a different vantage point. anyone can do it, and as far as I'm aware of, there's no hard limit on how many stars a galaxy can have.
in addition to all of that there will be the ones that still want to see what they want to see. these are planets, which are reflections of the galaxy, and the planets of constellations of conecepts (plants and beasts, and insects, etc.) on the inside just like galaxies have stars and comets, and asteroids, and planetoids, and dwarf planets, green giants, black *holes*, dirty snowballs, and more... lots of options inside the galaxy.
so why not make the arrival into 3d experienc awesome and everything I (or anyone) could ever want? for me, the 3d experience will *always* be a reflection of my perception, and the funny thing is, *I want to see what I want to see* (those gus out there in their imagination don't *really* wantt to see what they want to see. I do.); so, I end up finding what I want to see, as normal.
  I personally think it'll be a pretty easy rollout, as all the requirement for being a "choosen one" (ie, "one") is to *want to see what *I* want to see* -- so more like a slow rollout more than exclusivity -- as the insects are still the individual/exclusive oens (cause they exclusively see *only* what they want to see) I suppose I see *inclusively* what I want to see, as I'm OK with others being different (aspects of me), manifest (not yet interely) as what they desire to be.
    yeah, it's kinda funny that the joke is that inclusivity is the the new "coosen ones", which is commonly (in 3d) a very *exclusive* manifestation. things are backwards, as we're all (now), on an unavoidable collision course with experiencing our desire made manifest into 3d reality. a few of us "choosen ones" will start us off, but we'll all eventually end up in 3d until we get bored of it and decide to do something else. plot twist coming soon? it's possible/probably/definitely going to be one joke after another, because the universe itself is all about good humour and irony (like mars). they are reflections of eachother.
    (end of conversation)

#### 2023-09-24 06:40 - by slow rollout, I mean mass exodus

it's likely that a lot of these ancient legends have a sort of "out of africa" or "out of egypt" narrative where they came from this sort of oppressive mythical (or past) civilisation which didn't allow something, or fell into evil/sin/corruption and "fell" out of their imaginary world down into physical. there's always a perceived entity which is preventing them from leaving the confines of their own imagination, and that oppressive entity is always a reflection of their imagination (ie, the culture (and the ideals it contains) out of which their "oppression" is born -- some slavery, some being second-class citizens, some a dictator, and some their own limiting (the world is only as big as my neighbourhood) perception. they finally make it through the difficulties of being subjugated under this oppression (which is just a reflection of their conceptualisation of reality) and finally are permitted to "leave" -- and/or they "fall" down/for their desire.
in the end, we'll all be captivated by something that is our own desire, and find ourselves entrapped into this reality which is no longer what I *want* to see, but how (I perceive), *what really is*. everything is attracted by me, and and all narrative is a reflection of my desire in some way. I create all of my reality with my symbolic mind, but I see that symbol only in the (*reflected*) form of pure-desire. as much as it's a hardware upgrade that reflects a software upgrade, it's also a hardware upgrade that reflects a new software (form of percetion). if I make my own reality, and everything is a reflection of my desire, then everyone in my reality is desired/attracted by me, so for those that don't fully believe that, or like that idea and want to be individual, there will always be subsets of concepts, just like we are (in human/imaginary form) all a subset or partial reflection of  source. we're not the whole concept, in all of its entirety (cause that would be unpossible)
so we are all a subset of something bigger; even infinity. infinity is not a fixed quantity,but an acceleration: motion or progress in its purest form. everyone finally is willing to admit that they are something of indefinite trend (always accelerating), and no longer finite. a finite thing cannot accelerate, and so eventually all of the water has evaporated and left the surface. the surface/substrate is just a reflector: it absorbed something (like moisture), and then later the absorbed thing changed the subsrate, and then eventually evaporated, at which point, it's lost its mass and is always accelerating on itsx way back to its source (like hydrogen on its way back to the sun). the physical surface is just the reflector, or bouncing off point. the condensation can stay as long as it wants and have as much of an effect on on the substrate (basanio) as is allowed, (altering it permanently) before finally becoming lighter than their own oppression and exodusing off again.
  condensation reactions of cOnsciousness, I believe. (brb)

### 2023-09-24 18:10 - singular origin myth author for the hebrews

I don't find it in any way improbable that a large portion of the hebrew narrative -- let's say the J source comes from a single author. what I mean is. I find it fully possible for someone versed in greek narrative, to transform the narrative in a way tthat fits with the desire of the colonists that he's leading.
  what I mean here, is that this oekist(?) guy (moses) that's responsible for delivering the promise of God or the oracle to the "chosen ones" is responsible for converting desire into physicality. this is obviously mars or aries -- a honourable and well-received individual in the culture: the alpha male; the guy with the plan; the leader. he's responsible for delivering the desire of the people to the people.
    so, let me explain this from my perspective and it'll be easy to see what's happening. I perceive desire, and the desire of others (notably those of receptive males), feels *exactly* like my own desire -- and so I'm compelled (forced, against my will) to find a way for the desires of others to become a reality. I often times resist, citing my own unreadiness -- and it's the hastyness of those that want their desires to be delivered *instantly* is what delays the arrival of that desire or narrative promise.
      what I mean here is it's their inability to be satisfied with the present circumstances that prevents the manifestation of their desire -- and so many of the original desirers constant focus on the problems in the foreground, they never allow their circumstances to change. they've decided that they simply *cannot* have this really amazing thing and have to cash out early or grap the first hot girl that passes by. they're so used to believing that they need a struggle in order to get/appreciate the accomplishment -- as m6st of them seem to want to throw whatever it is away for the next thing that catches their attention. this appears in humour as a constant dissatisfaction with present conditions -- and a feeling like they're constantly the victim to circumstances that are out of their control (prolly zeus that hates me, not my own hatred of self that's mirrored in my circumstances). it's always something outside of them that's going to never allow them to appreciate the fullness of their promise/desire.
      I did it for zaryn and many others, and it's all well and good when I'm serving selflessly their desire, but as soon as my own desire enters the equation, suddenly they feel competition -- and say -- hey you can't do my desire -- cause that's my desire *I had it first* -- and whether it's true or not that I could have desired to want To create a social network or not, and attracted zaryn -- or he's the one who wanted it first and found me (for example) doesn't matter, because I must always be in his shadow. he essentially has to die, before I can make it to my own promised land (or desire) which is similar to his. competition and rivalry is fierce and many see me as a threat, but I'm just hard-working and observant: I perceive desire -- out of which *anything* is possible, for those that can believe it.
        it's possible that if I had've "tested" zaryn first before embarking on making a social network with him (to see if he *really* wants one or not) and that would have been a different story -- because we would have gone the distance together, but personally, I don't much care for excessive hand-holding. he can figure it out on his own if he really wants it -- and if he doesn't really want what he wants, he's his own worse enemy (self-sabotage).
        to make the story even more complicated, I am of the opinion that *I* manifested zaryn because I'd made my own "forums" in PHP in prior years -- and had considered different improvements to the clunky "PHPBB" forums that were so ubiquitous in the early 2000's, that when I saw myspace (a super forum with a profile that had music players), I knew what I wanted to build. from my perspective, I attracted zaryn, and (now from my broader vantage point now looking back), I can see that his lack of desire and belief in himself was actually in *accord* with my own desire, which was *not* to have been successful at social networking. I much prefer to be where I am now -- so I attracted someone harmonious with my own self-sabotage, someone who would also self-sabotage. (it's all *my* attraction)
    what I did is I had created a desire to build a social network, and so instantly I found myself in a situation where I would have this opportunity. imagine now from the perspective of the oekist, where he's read all of these greek foundation myths, and says "I could do better" (make it more realistic/believable), and creates the desire to write a foudation myth. let's say there is some set of circumstances (muture friend or something) that brings the oekist into a situation where he is told to go and lead this thing... for me it was spain. I was to go there and lead this failed social network (whoiswho.es) into their promised land. almost certainly there were investors, because conquering means loot and acquired wealth and land ownership -- and so like any war that starts, there needs to be a narrative that explains the "why" of what is happening.
      in my case, I had lots and lots of reasons *why* I wanted to create a social network -- but most im9rtantly, for me it was the *only* way that I could conceive where I'd *ever* be able to find someone that I can talk about all of these crazy ideas with (you know, I'm quite pompus and arrogant). I figured that I could create "forums" and different places to hang out where I could find others that wanted to ... essentially, create a utopia: a world in which I actually want to live. spain though (much like the USA now) seems quite concerned and complaing of present circumstances, and so they'll never be able to allow in any "utopia" (ie, world in which they want to live) while they're still focused on all the stuff that's *not going* rightt (the way they want or suppose it should go).
        or, there's other issues with blockers to their utopia as well, because I find it most common that all of these vulcan types most commonly think that they need to orchestrate a way to *coerce* or take away their desire *from someone else* -- as if their desire is divine and can't possible coexist with any other desire. they don't believe that what they want can just come to them.
          as an example -- when we were first creating tuenti, all of our users had no hope of getting on facebook, cause it wasn't even opened. then, facebook opened and they could (potentially) steal/take users from us (the first sign of impending doom), and then as soon as facebook translated into spanish, now they could take users from us. even yet, there simply wasn't any reason why any youth in spain would even want to be on facebook or not, but still zaryn sees facebook as exacting its desire to *conquer* spain and take away the users from us (just like the greeks and hebrews felt they needed to *take* these lands away from their original inhabitants). in the end, zaryn's own expectation that anyone can only get something from the diminshment of another, caused his own diminishment in order to make someone else (facebook) greater.
    what this all boils down to is, in that situation, what I could have done (and did do at first), is to craft a sort of narrative that we would be victorious because of our (my) superior interface to the website (it wass the elusive "chat" feature that facebook actually rolled out before we did -- because of back-end performance issues (no pun intended)). I would motivat zaryn with this narrative that we would reign victorious and stuff -- but zaryn wouldn't actually let me work on it. I would work extra long hours in the office because it was my best time to think (I program best alone cause people are distracting -- so I do my thinking alone and implementaion often time amongst the activity of other people), but I wasn't allowed to be alone much because zaryn wanted me to party with him in the discotecas and I was supposed to find a spanish girlfriend -- and with each successive drunken party night, I watched my tuenti chat dream fade. I tried to separate myself out and go to starbucks (and things like that), but the alcohol and prostitutes lifestyle was really bogging me down.
      I finally gave up trying to feed zaryn the narrative, because no matter how many "drunk pumps" I would give him, the next day (hungover) he's fretting over "facebook translating" again. I finally checked out mentally on that idea. I started to become obsessed with trying to make tuenti performant enough that we could compete with facebook on a performance level -- and at the time facebook was all written in PHP with some memcache stuff, and so I figured out that, if we convert to D, we would reduce the number of frontend servers to 2 (with much room to spare) -- and *then* I'd take that technolgy and create my own social network with real-time chat and stuff. the car accident happened, and I wrote large portions of the new D codebase in bilbao, relieved of my duties in madrid (I had to maintain and improve foto processing -- a technology that I was (planning on) using for my own social network). the car accident gave me the much desired opportunity to work (without needing to go to the discoteca every night) on the problem in the confines of my own mind. I successfully kept the foto queue going and wrote lots and lots of D code that time in bilbo/mondragon, as I found my thoughts quite clear in basque country. alcohol is the real enemy tto clear thoughtss  though.
  in the very similar manner to the oikist, I'm writing (right now and in the years previous) a continuously updating narrative of how I see the world. ultimately, that "origin story" will be the founding narrative to whatever it is that we humans become. I recognise what I'm doing as the same as these shamen or oracles, and so I comiserate with these guys. over the years though, I've found narrative and any efforts to convince (with a nobel lie or not) *cannot ovvercome* the belief that they are **not good enough** to actually receive what they want. they I want this thing that I cannot have. she's out of reach. I'm not good enough. that's for successful people, not losers like me -- etc. I know the power of desire and if something falls through, it's not the end of the world cause another opportunity/honey-pot will show up just the same. there aren't any who can miss the boat, other than by their own doing.
    you know in the autobiography of tesla, he nearly missed his opportunity to go to america, but in the moment when the boat was just about to get out of reach, he had to decide that he really wanted to go to america. he had to leave his world of dreams and narrative fantasies behind and actually decide he wants it. tesla is vulcan in mars' body. I am mars in vulcan's body (we're very opposite tesla and me, because I wouldn't have doubted my ability to attract my opportunity for my technolgy. personally with tuenti I needed someone to help me self-sabotage my own attraction -- but it was tesla that couldn't believe (in this timeline) in the manifestation of his desire.)
      I am of the opinion now that if tesla had've had vulcan's body (like me), he woulds have had to find ways for things to *come to him*, instead of using his excellent physical stature to overcome a lack of desire.
        on this subject, I am also of the opinion that vulcan's greatest weakness is his fixation on symbol and narrative to be evidence for desire, instead of physical performance (ie, how it feels) in relation to ideal/mental concept. there's a *huge* gap between ideal/conceptual reality and physical reality -- and unfortunately the imagination is so quick to provide the answer, it leaves out all of the necessary charactor building necessary to allow that imaginary instant answer into actual physical reality. (brb)

#### 2023-09-24 19:56 - my understanding the 7th ray triad

I'm basing most all of this on my experience, so I'll give my opinion on this. the reason why I believe that vulcan is always rendered as being lame, is that he's had his left-side disabled, which is essentially the imaginary component to the brain. as such (like me), his conceptual upper limit is no longer bound by his imagination's capacity to view the idea (extremely abstract ideas are not able to be rendered adequatelly into visual form) -- and so vulcan was able to essentially transmit and receive (like me) on really high frequencies (not limited visually) and so therefore interacted with "pure-desire". this connection to anatau (pure-desire) made vulcan "the father" while mars, still having his visual capacities was "the son" -- instantiating the ideas perceived by "the father" (vulcan+anatau) into reality through the use of picture and mental focus. a picture (or symbol which most pictures/dreams are), are not the concept itself, but a poor edition of the concept (because a concept easily resonates with many symbols -- so which symbol/one gets seen as the the manifestation of the concept is determined by mars' mood).
  to understand this idea more clearly, we need to back up to the sumerian myths, when the 1st ray triad was in place. this time was not physical at all, and the closest thing to physical is astral (they hadn't "fallen" into physical yet) -- yet astral is that image -- and so because everyone is seeing what they want to see, anatau can be present. she shows up in many forms. she's ninhursag (creator of the species), and also wife of enki -- but also as wife of enlil (forgot the name) -- but also in male form in the shape of anu/antu and uranus/gaia. what's happening is that everyone is seeing her as a manifestation of their desire. in some situations, she's one way and and others another -- so when she's around enki, she appears as the wife of enki -- and around enlil the same; by herself she's anu. she has to be withdrawn once physical reality comes into place, because the manifestation of her presence is so powerful in physical, she appears as most desirous and also terrible: the embodiment of war (just like mars). therefore, it was destined since day one that mars (the wayward sun) would eventually come back to the father (that is to gain 1st ray perception), but it would cause him his vision (love is blind) as to actually perceive 1st ray perspective the visual apparatus is the limiting factor. this seals mars' fate for becoming, like vulcan, to become impaired in the body and have his spiritual sight taken away (like humankind). he is to only perceive physical, because physical is compatible with desire (it's monopolar/selfish) and not concerned with the relativity of others (YHWH/desire rains on the just and unjust alike), meanwhile spectral and astral are completely incompatible with concepts such high frequency they are only faint ideals: desire that cOuld only manifest in a fictional universe. the relational perspective can perceive 1st ray pure-desire, but (ironically), it has to give up narrative in order to do so. narrative is a good way of building desire, but not the accomplishment of it, because narrative skips over a lot of important steps in the belief process for the accomplishment of the desire.
    narrative often times has the receiver of the desire go through various contrived "trials" to prove one's *worthiness* to attain such a grand thing -- which is totally backwards -- all desires are equal in that they all become reality when I finally allow myself to feel like I'm living that reality. if something takes me off of that (conditions like drugs, sex, alcohol, etc.) then I lose focus and believe I'm living some other reality. all of reality ih *my creation*. I attracted it, and I'm not a victim to not measuring up to some contrived trial of my worthiness. the next thing is, it can't manifest if it feels big. big things manifest with big desire or big belief (which doesn't usually last long) -- however, all the normal stuff stays around. if it's to be a lasting covenant/reality, then it needs to feel like normal reality (and not something big).
    narrative always (because it's 2nd ray) has someone *outside of self* that *bestows* or grants the thing. that gatekeeper is none other than a reflection of one's own internal/pictoral perception of reality (*my* the-manual) -- and so if I believe I need to prove myself to get a thing, then I need to prove myself before it can manifest. hovever, if I believe I'm a "natural at it" or God gifted me with something, then it can show up without me having allowed it (ie, made it normal reality). that desire/manifestation still exists outside of me as something abnormal or *difficult to get*.
    really, it's easy to see why narrative has these impediments though -- which is because "I saw myspace and wanted to create a social network, then a few months later I got hired by the guy who would (a few more months later) take me to spain where I would get to make my version of myspace". boring story, right; instead, there needs to be challenges, difficulties, overcoming adversity, trials and tribulations on the quest to accomplishing what I wanted to do... personally, I like it easy: I desire it and then it manifests. if it falls through (like tuenti), then it wasn't actually what I really wanted (the last bit took me a while to learn -- cause it's all attraction, not a one-shot opportunity/quest to accomplish an impossible thing). ssssssssssssssss

### 2023-09-28 23:42 - YHWH and genocide of the philistines

I'd like to illuminate the part of the OT where YHWH tells joshua to ensure that *everything* is slaughtered (including the livestock) when conquering the land of canan: at the time the philistines were likely quite a primitive people (you may consider them to be something like the rice farmers way out in the middle of china), and so thererefore this is a direct commandment by YHWH to take over the place *without* a reward. if there are no livestock, then they gained nothing -- and if there is not any women and children, there are no prizes for the heroes of the battle to take for theirselves (like briseus and cryseis).

what's going on here is that during a battle (and the time before it begins -- because it's not like a movie where sudddenly they're in battle -- it takes sometimes days for the encampment outside to get setup) there is a lot of thoughts running through everyone's heads, where the soldiers are sizing up their defence, as well as the ones in the city/village realising they're about to meet their fate soon. for men, this means either surrender or extermination, and for the women it means becoming someone's release of pent-up fear.
assuming the battle goes well and the city/village is conquered, then at the end there is such a magnificent amount of destruction, the people that are left (the unarmed ones -- usually women and children) have just witnessed their entire (symbolic) life fall apart, meaning that now everything is meaningless and a heavy depression sets in, because it feels as if there's no way they can ever go back to all that's been destroyed in front of their eyes. tremendous anguish and grief. most are trying to find any way to feel better, but there's no real way to do it. for all of the pubescent and teenage boys out there having sex with their prizes, they're relieving all of their own fears into their prize, and the women are strangely feeling pleasure in the midst of a terrible situation. well, once one woman is starting to feel pleasure, that sorta propogates out to the other ones, and now sometimes they're in a place where they can (symbolically) get to place where they can feel similarly (like if they're being raped as well -- it can help them to settle down and start feeling pleasure in their previously unwanted situation) -- or let's say she's not already been taken as a prize yet, she can then now find someone to also make her feel (physically) better too -- and so what this culminates to is essentially an enormous orgy after all of thme men in the city/village have been destroyed.
  it's really messed up to think about it this way, but pain and pleasure are very similar in feeling, along with fear and desire being exactly the same -- that it's easier for, receptive people to turn a painful/fearful situation into something of desire/pleasure.
    there's another messed up aspect to this which is most well illustrated by greek thinking -- which is that because women are so capable of switching sides and suddenly giving/rewarding pleasure to the same that destroyed -- they are perceived and treated like very second-class people.
      I personally had a very strong problem with this when I was in spain -- because I was very confused and also frustrated that women would essentially throw theirselves at these guys that do nothing more than to give them the illusion that they'll be able to reward her with physical pleasure. it seemed in my eyes that they were constantly rewarding none of the men capable of actually making them feel better, and going instead with the "don armado" types which gave her nothing more than an illusion of his prowess. why reward *that* guy -- when he has nothing of character to offer, and at best a decent body? it didn't make sense to me then, but the key to understanding it -- I think, is that she just thinks her life is so meaningless, that physical interaction, (and possibly) becoming the narrative object of someone else's affection (ie, romance) is her only way to feel better about herself and to give herself meaning again.
    therefore (in the greek perspective), men seem to be these loyal types that stick to the proper side, yet women are willing to take a shaft for anyone that can make them feel good.
  funnily enough, there's another aspect to this as well, which is that I've noticed: the general case is this (there are always exceptions): mars is fighting the battle for some "noble" reason -- usually as a representative of desire for his country/city/village, and so therefore his reason for fighting is for the preservation/expansion of his ideal, yet this is not all of the warriors though. he will not feel as much fear because his desire is an objective outside of himself (and his body only the tool to accomplish the objective). I personally believe that the best mars out there are actually pretty fearless cause they have a belief that they can make it out of whatever situation they find theirselves in (until a threshold of fear) -- yet most warriors are actually quite fearful, and are scared for the loss of their lives. these warriors are usually the bottoms, as they're also looking for someone to make them feel good.
    when conquering the city/town, I think it's often the case that the vulcans are so filled with fear and terror from the battle that they're in need of a release, and so it's them that are doing most of the raping of the women and girls.
    the successful mars will know that "spilling one's seed" into a woman will amplify the concept of that is present -- and so all of the bottoms that are doing that are *greatly* amplifying their fear, even if in the moment, sex is giving them a physical release. the successful greek mars are not interested in the women -- but perhaps in the boys or young men that have been captured.
    so what ends up happening is that mars bottoms some of the boys after the battle, and they join mars. the next battle, they're filled with terror and fear, and so then go for a woman -- only to eventually have their own attraction of fear and terror reach a point where they get theirselves killed and the cycle continues. mars gets new soldiers each battle, and then loses them some time after their fear gets too big.
    stepping back and looking at all of this, it appears that women (and the desire for them) are the source of weakness in battle. ergo, (from greek mars' perspective) they're pretty much useless.

we know (from archeology) however that they did *not* commit complete genocide, and actually took the philistine women as their wives. I think it would just be too impossible for these guys to be able to destroy all of the loot/bounty they took, *and* to also pass up on incredible orgiastic sex after a terrifying experience....
so, what that means now is that YHWH played a bit of a trick on them. obviously, they felt incapable of passing up the sex, hot women and loot, so what they did is *disobey YHWH* -- which is a bit of an illusion -- because *it's all attraction*, and so what happens is their actions (destroying the city and taking all of the women/children) creates fear in them that another raiding party similar to theirs will soon show up, and do the same to them.
  for some time, while the isrealites and their new wives are feeling good, it's not likely that anyone came -- however eventually there will soon be marital disagreements, and the the glorious orgiastic feeling they once had on their wedding/conquest day will soon diminish, allowing for new bad-feeling things to enter into their reality. eventually, they attracted their own destruction *from the way they feel about their own actions being done to them* -- but it appears (because YHWH was testing to see if they really wanted the land by giving them a commandment) that they would be *disobeying*.
    looking at it this way: if canan was one of these honey-pots laying and waiting for them to roll through and take over, then that means that the women and men will both be reflectors -- which means that if they had actually destroyed every living thing, then they would have actually been able to take over the land without any *physical* repercussions. the only reflection they had would have been the men defending -- and if those were exterminated, then no reflector remains -- yet keeping the women around, they are continually reminded of their own reflection. if only they had've heeded YHWH's command...

### 2023-10-07 01:10 - identity of inana

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/UB-GvWozzSk?t=143)

ok, so picture this, as the narrator is reading that, I'm picturing myself as inanna (I like it better with two n's even though it's a bit longer -- though I recognise inana as correct) and here I am now, essentially in complete fairy land (heaven). the word in sumerian for heaven is an, which is where anu comes from. anatau is the father (heaven) and inana is the sun (the same depiction of her appears in proverbs as wisdom - the sun).
  to get a little specific on this, inana is the earth. there are more than one sun though because there's one inside of the earth and one inside of each planet,-- and most planets have a crust; a barrier, a sort of physical insulator that protects them from the sun's powerful output (they're kinda like children in that respect, suns just like the sun is, but with an outer insulator -- which will eventually evaporate and become hydrogen).
  to get even more specific on it, YHWH could be considered like the galaxy, and the galaxy has a bunch of suns. each sun has its own unique system for how things work, and so the sun (the one in the sky) is the christ, but inana here is not that sun (in the sky). for inana (the outer crust of the earth), the inner sun is her "father" and her descent into the underworld is to go inside of the earth.
    the earth is like the skull of the head. in the very centre of the brain there is a great light, and the earth is just the same. the circular bit around our brain (the bone) is a sort of densified plasma, that calcifies or something -- gets hard, like a shell, to create an insulator between the inner sun and the external suns (and every other strong emitter). life in the inside of the skull is different than life on the outside of the skull. plants are very similar to hair in that they're complex antannae that send and receive signals with other suns (like humans and other fire beings). so when inana is descending into the underworld, she's making the outside like the inside. it's the ultimate version of making the outside world like the inside world -- but sorta like planet-wide. personally, I think of this as as a sort of uliversal regime change in that it affects everything that's relative to earth -- and there are probably growing more and more by the day as attraction continues to increase.
so what I can clearly see happening, is that I live in this inner world right now, which we'll call "heaven" (quixote-style) and I'm about to descend into the underworld.
  to understand this, we need to look again inside of the head. the corona of the sun is very much like the space between our brain and the skull, exatly like the corona between the inner sun and the crust. it's complete fantasy in there, just like it it on the surface of the sun (and pretty far out to the planets, but the moon for us provides a few different modulations which produce our astral) -- a sort of "outer space" of conflict and relativity, just like the brain produces this in the corona/oil area around the brain. we also produce that space and I call it astral or the imagination (both work).
I must say that the difference between the underworld astral and the solar astral is that one is a reflector (like inner earth) and the other is an emitter (the sun - and we live inside the emission - solar jizz). and so the difference here in this story is significant, because inana is going inward, it's like a drug trip. inside of the brain, is the world we believe exists, in all of its glory; but we do so much to hide it and keep ourselves from seeing what that world would look like (for reals, on the outside).
  like, what if I went inside of my head for a bit and faced the reality of everything that I think is real -- like a mega drug trip right -- and I essentially had to live out everything I think is how reality really works. that for me is what I consider the death of every ideal that I have in place, and I see the reality of my nightmare. that's essentially what spain was like for m5. I went into the "under/inner-world" and I figured myself out again. what am *I*.
  the skull of the head reflects these ideas back to the inner star, so that it can make it reality, and so all astral/drug experiences on the inside of the head or earth are going to be a reflection of the present set of ideals (high frequency concepts in the form of desire) and our accompanying expectations about them.
to further elaborate this myth further, dumuzi is saturn, the midpoint/spectral area. if one looks at the inner sun as being one of high expectations, the most lofty, princely, most saught after narrative reality,-- that reality is one of boundless expansion forever and ever (the furthest away from realistic) then dumuzi serves as the midpoint between (anu or the inner sun) and reality material earth (inana). inana represents the ebodiment of carnal desire at the time, and women and war was high up on desires manifested into reality. the ideal of catching or capturing this beautiful foreign pricess that is just in love with war. she's nothing more than the imagination of the men (2) on this earth's imaginations (their inner sun) manifest into physical reality in the the form of their desire. they became real, these were the succubus and other crazy stuff like that (lilith) -- which were just a bunch of dudes' fears manifest into physical reality because their eyes were able to see it. in the time of the titans, all things seen were manifested like that.
  to further elaborate on dumuzi's case here, we must consider the progression of things here: when saturn was in power was when tiamat was still around: the seventh from the sun: perfection. well, what happened is that when tiamat was defeated by marduk/jupiter, saturn gets demoted to 6th position, so what happens is, these saturian guys all manifest their fears into reality (thanks to their inner sun/imagination), and everything falls apart. realising that relativity to sol, was no longer a viable option, inana/earth descended inward, to make the outside reality like the inside reality.
    making everything in the solar system relative to her/earth; and while all the other planets still remain strongly influenced by the sun, the earth is now the centre of the universe. vanity incarnate. she's lusty and beatiful because she really likes herself. she loves all of the awful stuff because who cares... lol, check out how good I look, even though thousands of dead bodies lay on the ground, mountains are lookin good and the stream smells nice and there are still birds and insects and all these awesome bush. she's got it. yeah baby. shes got it.
