# narrative-oversight

### 2023-09-02 03:25 - two (or more) paths

I figure I'm at a ttime in my life when I need to seemingly decide between two paths: stay with 1st ray perception, or drop down into 2nd ray perception for a while, essentially to create the thing that I have to conquer: the demiurge.
  what I mean by this is a simple calculation: if I go for 2nd ray perception, then I'm always going to be looking for the "best" or "worst" (comparative analysis) situation/thing/whatever. that perception is always relative and so therefore it's naturall (for me anyway), to always look for and desire the "best" -- no matter if it is, in fact, the best for everyone else. I'm extremely 1st ray in that perception already, mostly because I look for the best in comparison to itself (or some other inert/static/ideal comparison) like, "is this an improvement?" or, "would I like this more?" -- and not actually comparing myself to other people but only ripping off their good ideas ("rip people off shamelessly", right) -- so even in 1st ray perception, I'm still a bit 2nd ray.
  however, here's the thing: if I *really* want to be 1st ray in perception (while perceiving) 2nd ray, I should be designing all of the illusions/things that will inevitably come to defeat me: like imagine for example there was this terrible terrible force that was constantly holding me back -- and so my only choice is to find out how to feel the way I want to feel so that their holding me back, no longer bothers m5.
so, if I take the (blue?) pill, then I get all of the things that I want, because now I've converted over to the comparative perception -- or, I take the (red) pill, and stop caring what anyone else says or thinks, until I can finally find a way to feel the way I want to feel. I'm obviously going to take the latter.
  the amount of sexual innuendo (or similarity to sex) is astounding, and one of the things that I just don't like about sex at all, is that I have to feel like I have to hold back what feels good for prolonged periods of time, and that just isn't me at all. I'm like a star, and I desire to radiate constantly and stably.
    imagine for a moment what it would be like if a star were forced to be in that 2nd ray position where it's got this battle going on, and it has to hold back for some time before finally letting in what is desired (like sex) -- well, that's one way to do it. I'm not really like that, and so even the thought of sex in that way, where it's a huge buildup, and then release, I really don't like that. as a star, I like the idea of being such a constant emitter, I'm basically invisible (or part of the ambience).
  just imagine for a moment what it would be like if suddenly I became a person that suddenly had to start withholding wanted ideas/thoughts/whatever -- as, if they were to happen, it would suddenly become too much, and all of a sudden things start to explode (like one of those "mininovas") -- well, that's the kind of person that likes the attitude that it takes when it comes to sex.
I don't really want to take either pill honestly, because there simply isn't any reason to rush anything, because there's really no time pressure at all; there's only my readyness. if I just hold out (not on the good feeling) until I'm good at feeling the way I want to feel, then I accomplish both perspectives at the same time, because I become a stable emitter, and can therrefore output what I want to output, and not have the battle between wanted and unwanted raging, where wanted (explosion) *always* occurs (cause wanted/good always wins).
  this is kinda the whole "crux" of the entire thing here, because pure-desire is essentially the same as pure-evil (because it always wants more), and so therefore it *has* to have more, which is always going to be defeat (cause unwanted is the greatest source of wanted/expansion/enabling, freedom/growth/joy) -- so while 4 and 6 are dim and very dim reflectors, 2nd ray perception is quite reflective (like mirrors focusing a laser), so t...
  what's the problem here is that "evil" and "good" are both perceptual, and so therefore are both amplified -- and so pure-desire gets "defeated" by the "good" (calculated desire), because they can are *always* outdated perceptions of that desire, and so therefore, the desire is always going to be out of reach, and can never be interacted/measured/perceived directly -- so whatever the gap is from the 2nd ray's symbolic interpretation of the desire and the real-time updated/evolved form of the desire, is the "evil" that "defeats" the good, *causing it to become more/evolve* (of course, because evolution is inevitable)
my goal would then be, to find a way to stay in that always up-to-date 1st ray perception of things, which is an *emotional* form of perception, because I'm either finding a way to feel more like how I want to feel, or less -- sure, sometimes there are lower moments (defeats), which cause a more evolved desire to become, so those should be encountered as often as possible.
  I actually believe that it's desirable to have those defeats more and more rapidly per time increment, simply because that just means a higher frequency -- which means that the ultimate 2nd ray perception is to have as many defeats per time increment, as possible.
therefore, the objective, must be if I were to gain 2nd ray perception, will be to build up my "enemies" to the point that they're increasingly more and more able to often defeat me (thereby increasing my frequency, causing that expansion).
*OR*, I could just stay "trapped" in my chrysalis, allowing my enemies to power up, defeating me as often as possible, until I'm fully able to feel the way that I want to feel, accomplishing both 2nd and 1st ray perception ,effortlessly :) (effortlessly)

### 2023-09-09 02:12 - measure for measure

over in blahblog, I've been complaining about a number of different events that have happened in m/ life. in addition to those, I've had a number of new events that have happened since, such as the specific weeds that I ran an experiment on getting pulled up, when there's no way that anyone could have even known that I performed the experiment, and why those specific weeds were pulled up in the middle of a whole bunch of other weeds tells me that there is definitely something happening where my experiments are being targeted.
  I've been trying to figure out *why* someone is specifically targetting experiments that I'm making, and why do they seem to be so against me doing certain specific things. I honestly cannot find a pattern to it, and there is seemingly no explanation for it either. the important thing to note here is that this is my brain trying to figure out these action patterns and what the desire is behind it, so it's 100% 2nd ray perception (ie, the 2nd path -- in the previous entry).
what I do know for certain though, is that the events, no matter how confusing they are, *are* attracted, because they manifested (that's my thing anyway: "it's *all* attraction", right?) however what I cannot fully understand though is how I'm attracting these events.
  for me, when I'm combining weeds and trying to make a different type, or new weed with modified attributes, it feels just as inert of an action as mixing paint colours, or something like that. I don't feel like I'm gaining any power, authority, or any conditional way to feel good -- cause if my actions were trying to gain any of those things, then I can say for certain that my own desire to not have power, authority, or a conditional way to feel good (ie, the first path), then I would be the one attracting their sabotage with my own desire.
  in the case that it's just another situation where I need to find a way to feel good, no matter the circumstances, then I guess I'm probably doing pretty good, because I didn't even really feel upset or anything -- mostly just cOnfusion about why someone is so interested in destroying my hybrid weeds (which are usually an improvement on the previous ones), as they're literally, not a threat, and can only be seen as an improvement. nobody wants big ugly weeds, so why would anyone want to destroy the improved ones and leave the big ugly ones, is completely incomprehensible to me.
however, in the case that there really is, somewhere out there, someone that is actively trying to sabotage anything that I want to put any energy into, then that's a whole different thing entirely, and the subject of this entry... that would mean, then, that they're the ones that are doing the attracting, and they're essentially saying, "I want others to treat me this way" -- "I want someone to come and destroy the things that I've put my energy into"...

in an unrelated, but definitely related topic, one of the things that I've considered very strongly is that my time on this earth is actually a much bigger picture thing -- because I talk endlessly about how important it is to feel the way I want to feel, no matter the circumstances, -- and at the same time I say that words are not really all that effective at conveying a concept, as the way any concept *really* is understood, is through experience, which is best illustrated by example, because people can relate a lot easier to actions, than they can relate to words, so my example is really all that matters.
  the problem with my example though, is it's not the typical "high performance marketing" which is usually based around a reward system: do this, and you'll get a reward. so, for example, if I see an influencer/celebrity do a thing, and then I see them get a reward of something I would want, then I'm strongly motivated to copy the influencer/celebrity, so that I can have a similar reward; well, that's the opposite of what I do. I have no visible reward that would ever motivate anyone to copy me and try out feeling the way they want to feel -- because who in the world would want to be in the position that I'm in, where I have no friends, everyone lies to m5, and I live a very unglamorous life, where I basically do chores and housework and little else. not really an example that anyone would be really that motivated to follow...

so now, putting those two ideas together, what emerges, perhaps is that I'm fully committed (and therefore attracting) to situations that leave me entirely in a 1st ray perspective. if I go into 2nd ray perspective, then I'm in the business of showing people what is "good" and what is "bad" -- and providing a solution (or, a guide, lol) on how it's supposed to be done to get the "good" stuff, and avoid all of the "bad" stuff -- right? since I'm doing the opposite of that, I'm basically showing people, "hey, do this stuff, and your going to have to *actaully* figure out how you want to feel, because nobody will want to participate in your world" -- which provides an *enormous* market for all kinds of conditional solutions to come up, offering to people different techniques, machines, and conditions to feel a way without using their perception. I'm basically making it extremely easy for everyone to look at my "right way" and say, "naw, that's not for me... I'll stick to sex or music, drugs, or nosebook, or my imagination, or whatever -- just to avoid ever being shunned and rejected like that guy is".
  interesting, some reactions are wondering why I would think that I'm shunned -- well, I mean do you see *anyone* talking to me? I seem to be avoided at all costs, and it's not like anyone would actually want to talk to or associate with me. in my perspective, if *I* knew someone like me, I would have hundreds of questions to ask them, and would immediately try and do a number of different technology ideas, and stuff. I would be ecstatic that there is actually a person that understands how things work, and/or can can figure it out...
    in my past, and at every lecture I go to, I often times have a number of questions and comments for the presenter if they have *any* meat at all in their presentation. I'm always trying to figure out and reveal more and more of reality -- yet everyone else seems that they wayt to have less and less revealed, and for more things to be kept a secret. one of my goals, is to make it possible for *all* knowledge and thoughts, and experience to be accessable by anyone (even outsiders), yet at the same time expanding diversity, because everyone experiences it from their own unique perspective.
      right now my latest idea on how to do it, is with genetics: everyone experiences the same cOncept from a sightly different angle in the pen-rose, and attracts the situations in real-life in order to gain the concept experiencially.
        as an example, if someone wanted to learn how to have 1st ray perception, they may find themselves in a number of different situations where they are forced to superar their desire to know *how* (3) or *why* (2), and instead kknow *how they want to feel* (1). I guess that about sums it up :) I'll continue later...

#### 2023-09-09 16:20 - actually, prolly not...

I've been thinking a lot about tthis idea that I presented yesterday about how *I* (and by that, I mean the physical me), would want to talk and collaborate with others, with my ideas, because ... I had this experience that I'd like to walk through, as it'll illuminate what I have to say: yesterday (or was itt the day before,) mom and I were discussing the +why+ of my situation, and and I was doing a lot of 2nd ray perception in that conversation. I started to explain to her how I understand the penis and the cervix and a whole bunch of ideas from the perspective of "I'm right" -- which is kinda the problem. I want to stay in 1st position, so it's not really in my best interest to tell people how things are,-- which is the 2nd ray perspective,-- because I'm using symbol to explain myself, and my desire is to say, +this is how reality works+ (not final edition, for m5 at least), yet here's the thing: I want to tell people how things work, because understanding this has greatly enhanced my perception and quality of life experience. llike, I pretty much am OK with almost-anything-* (sorta not really though, which is why I'm in the situation that I'm in; it is 100% attractted.)
  everything is happening in perfect alignment with what I want, because I don't want to tell people how it is using symbol (3-2), but instead with concepts (5-1). the difference is simple: I found out that I just need to write the things from the concept of my experience and just explain what I want as a capacity for myself, so that I *will* (over time) **[become]** the thing that I want to create.
  so, I just describe what I want, and the concept behind what it is that I want (which sounds a lot to most people as *why* I want it (2)) so it speaks to everyone else from a 2nd ray perspective, yet I remain in 1st position.
so what I'm certain that will happen is that I want to go kinda into brainstorming mode, and just let LOA get as strong as it wants to before *I* (that is, the physical me) become all of the things that I wanted.
in reality, this idea is kind of like writing out a wishlist of all of the genetic traits that I want *physical me* (that is, reality-kenny) to have whilst I'm in the process of explaining what it is that I want; it'xs more than just explaining though, because I'm kinda being a bit arrogant and boastful to write down and proclaim my own praises of how I did so well in life learning these things mentally/conceptually, but I've not yet become these lofty ideals that I believe in so much, and so I'd like to *actually become* the **physicality of my desires**!
  desire incarnate. desire made physical.
I just have to figure out how to tell everyone what I want out of a physical body, and why I want it -- which in all of that contains the concepts of how it works, which anyone would normally relate to in their owwn unique way; but, I have to use words, which are symbolic. someday I'll have to find a way to get around this boundary.
  you know, I've been thinking on this an awful lot lately, and I don't know the answer yet, but I feel like itt's coming soon, because nowadays when I talk to people, I often times illustrate (using words) the (obvious to me) desire behind tthe action.
  I'm using symbol to *describe* desire, but obviously that description doesn't really teach anyone how to see it, because those words produce a reaction from the person with something of their own belief/symbol/narrative, and what that does in them is to attract their own belief of the same desire to come in. --- right: so, for example, let's say that I say that an event happened one way (like the weeds being pulled), and I give my symbolic narrative of the rationale behind it (why are those weeds targetted, and not others), each person hearing the conversation can *believe* one way or another -- and when they do that, they attract their own belief to become manifested in their own world.
    it's my reflective aspect about me, because I often times explain the thing with very little resistance, which means that I reflect their own resistance back to them, because they see me and try to findif I'm a hypocrite or not, which has caused me to become very non-hypocritical. I should hope that if anyone seess hypocracy in me, to please alert me to it, because that's a non-reflective aspect of myself, where I believe differently than how I feel about it. becoming a reflector kinda sucks because I have to actually make my words, actions, and feelings have a sort of dynamic alignment where people perceive none of those things, but just that I desire things. I like cool stuff, and it's fun to make things, but I also kinda just like to... I really want to stay in 1st position. Every time that I've deviated from that perspective, I'm forced (situations and happenstance) dictates that I become a purer and purer reflection. I simply cannot help it.
      the blackest of black. you know how a perfect mirror doesn't absorb *any* of the light that it receives, meaning that it's at least unity, unity, or nearly so; so it emits 0 light, *only* reflecting the light of others. something of the shadows.
      just kidding. there's no way I'm going to be like thatt.. what it really is, just look at it, is a signal that's so fast, it's *invisible* to everyone... but also a mirror: a mirror that reflects the signal back with a boost, not in amplitude, but in frequency. it's one of these kinds of waves (I don't really know how to describe it,) that is frequentially equivalent to the source wave, but it's composed only of higher frequencies, which is why it's invisible, yet still identical to the visible. that's pretty cool, rigtt?
        hmmm, so here's the deal: I think I already do that now. my brain sees, not the visible idea, but these ultra high frequency derivatives (and there are an infinite ways to render the same frequency, but constrained to a spectrum, there are finite), so I suppose that for a lot of people the things that I "see" in my mind, everyone else *sees* their *symbolic* (or physical) *equivalent*. it's quite likely that my imagination is visible to other people, even though it's not visible to me. I also find it likely that a number of institutions have capitalised on that new real-estate, and set up their turf: this is how these things are perceived, and these are the things I'll ignore, and there are different cultural groups and languages that each have their own conceptual environment -- and that's all perfectly fine for me, because everyone is just seeing their own symbolic representations of my crazy ideas. I'm probably quite the virus, in that sense. that is true.
    one of the features that I think would be really really cool once I have a perfectly dark body: the blackest of black, then I'll just illuminate my skin in the fashion that I want (any colur in visible|UV|x-ray|gamma|...) you know, black, but I look like an anime. I can paint my form any colur and it's because I'm broadcasting at a significantly higher frequency, and what anyone sees, is their own symbolic perception of that idea manifest into astral/visible/whatever their brain interprets the signal as. they're only seeing their interpretation of the idea until they gain the ability to perceive those ideas at that higher frequency. that happens because of attraction, because they all see whatever they *want* to see (so that *they* are "rightt"). -- and I get to look like an anime character or a vibrant multi-dimensional creature. I was actually thinking about how awesome it would be to become two dimensional. like I would appear, making symbols/signals in the visible spectrum to have a cartoonish shape to everyone, and they would all see the drawing, as it's desired.
      you know, pure desire is a lot a drawing in the sense that it's a 3d object (like paper and pen/oil/watercolor ink) but it's also a 2d thing: a 2d representation of a much higher dimension concept (3d+4d+5d+...) which is kinda awesome because I become *invisible* to everyone, but they still see me, touch me, etc., all on their interpreation of that higher dimension concept. I want this to be a feature that anyone can acquire. like I know how many people would want to become an anime figure in appearance. like tons I bet. I don't know if I'll stick to a cartoony appearance, I may instead become more traditional human in shape, I'll just have to experiment for myself how I want to appear, because I don't really know. I know I just attract the appearance of a reflection of my own concepts of myself.
        this is a major theme in my life, just noting, is that my reflections of myself are becoming less and less physical in nature. I don't want to have a physical body like someone would imagine to have, but instead a physical body that is unlike anyone would imagine to have: I believe (or at least there is some apparent indication) that I must be causing quite a lot of x-ray transmission around me, which is probably what is starting to become normal for me, and my frequency keeps rising, even though my physical body remains here (it's really hard to explain, because at some point, everyone just sees what they want to see.)
      I believe that by making this "problem" into something cool that anyone can get, stylise it and make it a part of our genome, and anyone who wants it can get it, *at their own pace*. they just attract the situations (*at the speed they want*) into their life to make them high frequency like that. (EZpz).

tl;dr - I don't realy want to explain how things are to people anymore, as it creates a conflicting opinion to my own. that's 2nd ray perception. I want to stay in 1st position, which is explaining my ideas from the point of desire (who can argue with that, right) and boast about how easy it was (lol) to figure out these **obvious** things.

### 2023-10-18 02:28 - comedy of errors projection

- depending on the time of year, and assuming my head is the twins, this means then that the twins (my two hemispheres) are reunited to their father when kenny/ageon is either 41/42y or 49/50y.
  - 42 is obviously the narrative one that saturn would want (prolly cause 40 fell through -- I forget why; something about rope, I think). the 42 one I would imagine is also going to be a flop cause, it could happen in 41, but saturn is prolly over budget (says so in the play) and working hard against his own constraints -- (he can try to create barriers for anther person, but at some point the barriers are inhibiting the him from placing more barriers) which means prolly not 42 eiher -- though it is enticing to think that it's the "key to the universe and everything", I find that highly dubious -- the play makes it specific at the end that it's the 33/49/50 one).
  - I'm of the opinion that, if anything, it'll likely be 49/50 because that is a repeat/resonance of andrea and marcos, where I'm now in the spot of marcos (who, to me always represented saturn) -- as I'll now become the new saturn, giving away my daughter (the ahn-roids) off to the vulcans.
  - however, I'd like to note that my own narrative says differently, and that is that I'm to hold out until 54/55y, which is interesting becase these are both pretty close to the extremes of the solar cycles: the 41/42 one being at the beginning of the peak (of this cycle: 2025.5), and the 49/50 one being right around/after the start of the next cycle (solar minimum 2031-2033). planting on the new moon seems to me like the prudent thing, rathar than the nearly full moon harvest at 40-40, or the full moon harvest at 54/55, nearly the peak of the next cycle (2038-2040).
- it could also be *all* of them -- which is what I suspect, as I know that vulcan/lyssander is already taking full advantage of my timelines even in the present; so I don't really see these times/ages as destinations where the narrative starts/ends, but instead more like pit-stops or achievements along the way... I guess mark your calendars or something; every narrative will play out how it wants to be played (by whomever wants to "produce" it); so, have fun :)
  when exactly the twins (saturn/dumuzi/earth and mars/inana/earth) will be reunited to their father (anatau/luciana/earth), and the dumuzi stays with adriana, and mars with luciana, and dromio to dromio/aphrodite, I don't really care. if it were my own decision, I'd keep them apart forever, as I like being singular. I prefer to be only one person and see things as an individual. those that want to control the hive mind (saturn/dumuzi) can maintain control for as long as they want, cause it's an infinite source of unwanted/wanted (desire), which means more attraction of wanted/unwanted. the only chance that dumuzi cannot maintain control will *only* be his own undoing (which I'm sure he fears).

### 2023-10-20 03:36 - thinking out loud

I decided I want to think out loud here for a bit. I know I wrottte a bunch of stuff in the previous entry, but I don't remember all of what it was. the whole idea has evolved quite a lot since then, so I wanted to just brain dump.
first a little context: I considered the idea of trying to figure out how to gain access to my genetics, cause I want to make the three X pairs setup (XXXx2 perhaps is good abrev.) and the things that I want to do require a sort of network to do it, because it'd be impossible to do otherwise. I've been thinking that I don't really want to do/deal with a corporation, either -- like it just gives me bad vibes, the whole corporate mutual-back-scratching -- a little bit nausiating, actually -- and I even wrote a long time ago (prophesied, essentially) that the next coming world age since the time of jesus and that would be seeing its peak in the concepts implementation.
  jesus, I believe started the mutual-back-scratching concept in motion. sure it had existed elesewhere, but it was commonly believed that I can only get what I want by killing/destroying others for it (in the minds of those that were greedy), which lead to a shift in how the bad-guys did business with each other, allowing for rapid transformation of technology (cause now everyone can work together now in creation inteadd of destruttion).
anyway, the coming new trend happening in humankind here on earth, I predicted that it would be "feeling-purposefully" and that is what I'm sorta championing. I find it would be pretty foolish to be talking up tthis feeling-purposefully bit, and then just fall right back into the old way of mutual-back-scratching. I don't really want to do that, and to be true to my own predictions (or prophecies) ass I desire. in addition to that prophecy, I also predicted that the next coming thing to be capitalised on will be machines that augment how a person feels inside of their physical-vehicle (body). I imagined that there would become many many many different competing services which augment the physical experience -- which would help us to begin to make sense of concepts (in a technical way) and also give people the ability to pay to win in the new feeling-purposefully mindset. this trend is increasing signifcantly in sports (and prolly acting), as a way to improve performance (attitude, whatever).
so what I imagine is actually happening, is that all of this stuff happening is simply a sort of the early kinks getting ironed out. eventually, we'll all gett there, the tragic way, or the comedic way.
