# new-setup

### 2023-05-16 21:04

OK, this is weird. I'm writing thhis from a temporary linux machine because my computer seems to not be working. the whole experience: where it tells me that the intel storage thing is degrading, seemed to come consistently every time that I started to get desire to program again. it seemed to me that message is designed to alert me or condition me to think that every time that I start to program again, I can expect a computer crash (so far every time it's been this way).
well, this time was no different, and I got the message a day or so previous, and I looked up the solution to the problem, which is to disable the intel storage thing (can't remember what it's called), and so when I was going to do it, I kept getting this sort of forboding feeling that it wasn't going to work, but I still felt OK with going ahead with it anyway. every time I made steps toward it, mr-motor roared, and the sense that I had was that I'm jumping the trigger:
what I think (and felt like after hearing mr-motor roar) is that my disk was supposed to fail a little bit later on this month, probably closer to my birthday, and it would probably be designed to move me over to the next "stage" of my life, without having a computer... not 100% sure about all of that but it definitely felt like quite a bit of steering though.

at any rate, where I left off last time, after eating a little bit of weed, I found it easier to explain myself and my desires; I felt strongly that I want to create a new species of humans -- then I trailed off into this long thing about racism and how it's kinda a fail, but when looked at conceptually, each person "feels" a certain way -- so if we had a race of humans that's much less of the reflective type and more of the absorber/emitter type, then the appearance of the person could be directly tied to the way that the person feels -- meaning that their appearance would change with based on how the person feels.
  please note, that this is something that I experience all the time visually -- as, a person (especally after a sexual encounter) visually *looks* differently to me, simply because they feel so much more differently.
  also note, that this quality of looking the way one feels is directly tied into the mythology of cupid as well (like, when they had him around older people so that he would feel older and therefore appear older).
the important thing to realise here is that I'm desiring to make *appearance* directly related to how one feels; obviously it'll become really popular to artifically boost the way one feels to achieve different appearances -- and the important thing about that is that it's no longer in a single dimension of better/worse, as different feelings will convey different appearances entirely.

---

the next day I remember, I said that I was going to go to a block party (I think it may have been mother's day) -- and it started at 10am and went til 13 or so. anyway, I was ready all morning, but greg had some thing go wrong, and then he had to be dropped off somewhere -- and all of that took quite some time. inside of me, I could feel that there seemed to be quite a few people anxious to see me show up there, and there was even some anger and frustration with some about how long it was taking to get there.
I get there and I feel really strange -- like it's not desired that I be there. I decide to just put on reality-kenny and just head into action. a number of events happened which I've recounted elsewhere, but the important events happened with jeri (I think that's how two spell her name), where we were talking and she explained that she was very angry and frustrated with the situation -- and she didn't know how someone can be so affectionate, loving and caring (can't remember her exact words) and then turn around and stab her in the back.
  at the time I didn't make the connection, cause I'm in reality-kenny mode, so I'm in pure reaction -- a kind of autopilot where I just do things, and I don't really know *why* I'm doing them. I didn't even think it had to do with me at all during the time. I could feel her anger and frustration though, and it reminded me of the "pissed off goddess"
  later on though, upon thinking about it a bit, it occurred to me that the caring, loving, and affectionate person she was talking about could be this postulated "lyssander" version of me that seems to only make an appearance only while I'm asleep.
    I don't think that guy is me though, and I feel like it's likely nosebook's best iteration of me -- meaning, -- think to yourself as if I'm a TV program star or something, and they need to mould my character profile to be as appealing to as many as they can possibly get it to appeal to, which means that it's an artificial creation, and may not even appear the same way to every hermia that sees lyssander.
    whatever the case it may be, he definitely *isn't me*.
  then it seems pretty obvious that the "stabbed in the back" part is me [writing the previous entry](TODO) where I said that my interest lies, not in having any sex, but in having a relationship where I'm actually feeling better and better all the time (instead of the roller-coaster that sex brings), cause I'd much prefer to actually be feeling better all the time than I'm interested in using someone else as my reason to physically feel better (as if she's a drug -- cause if she's only a drug, then why not just do drugs?).
  at any rate, I did say that I wanted to have a no-sex relationship, but not necessarily like a fully no-affection relationship, where it'd by more like a father is toward his daughter, wanting the best for her, and not lusting after her wanting her to make him feel physical pleasure. so, anyway, I don't fully see how no-sex = no-affection.
because she was reminding he of the "pissed off goddess", I responded to her by explaining to her (essentially), that it sounds to me like things aren't going the way she wants them to go, and so she's pissed off about it -- and the egyptians have diefied this behaviour and made it appropriate for women to be justified in being pissed off when things don't go their way. sure, it's easy to point fingers at others and show how regularly mr-motor gets upset every time I'm doing something he doesn't want me to -- which is why I claim that mr-motor is the physical instantiation of the base instinct of the feminine mind: he needs things to go the way he wants them to go, or else he gets *pissed off*.

---

now, the day after the event and I'm waking up and that's when a whole bunch of things started to fit together from that day: there must have been quite a few girls there all feeling pretty good, and that's why the hamburgers tasted so good (food carries the feeling of the people around it when being prepared, I've noticed) and people were acting the way they were. it could just be my imagination there but it seemed to me like the event got shut down a little early (we it was barely afternoon -- usually when the parties start -- not get shut down).
I started to look into the reason why I felt like she was feeling like someone stabbed her in the back, and I can clearly see that that feeling of being stabbed in the back comes from an *expectation* coming from her desire for *me* to be a reflection *of her*.
  let me explain: if she's affectionate to me, then naturally, it seems to her that I should be affectionate back to her -- and that does seem often the way that most (white) women do think.
  I'm supposed to treat her the way that she treats me, which is the "golden rule", and I'm not arging against it -- just that I don't want to be a reflection of her.
  if she really believed what she was saying there, then she wouldn't talk to me in code and would actually talk to me plainly. when people talk to me in euphemisms and vague interactions, without approaching the subject head-on or ever actually reavealing what she wants, she's saying that's how she wants to be treated also.
    even after thinking about this enough time now, I'm starting to wonder if nosebook isn't a sort of AI that just shows people what they want to see; meaning, (like youtube) they have a lot of content -- way more than any one person can consume -- so they show people the stuff that they'd want to see and none of the stuff they wouldn't want to see -- which means that nosebook is just a reflection of them. so, if they want affection, they see affection, and if they want it to look like some kind of progress is being made toward some kind of destination, it looks that way.
    I actually approached this subject some time ago a while back regarding a youtube video I saw on the pop star olivia rodriguez(?), where they were debatating whether her and some dude were a couple or they went out or something really long and complicated that one could read into it that there was something happening -- and I highly doubted that anything is *actually* happening between them, because you don't want to actually have emotions involved in the matter. well, it's the same thing here: they want to keep everyone busy with the whole charade for as long as possible, because once once the marriage happens the pursuit ends -- and people respond to the pursuit more than anything else.
    once real events start to happen, it becomes a lot more difficult to show people what they want to see (cause now it's what I or her is attracting, not the viewer) -- therefore, it's never advisible to actually let anything happen.
    inotherwords, for as long as she wants loving and affectionate kenny (a reflection of her), it can never happen. it will *only* happen, when she's a reflection of me (because we're now vibrationally compatible).
    one more try: if she wants things to go her way, then she's not compatible with most viewers, and she's probably not compabible with me. thank goodness for sekmet, cause it's easy to see why this while "I want things to go my way or else I get angry" concept doesn't work.
    OK, so if things aren't going the way you want them to go, noticing the things that aren't working only attracts more of those things. if I notice the things that are going the way I want them to go, I attract more of that -- otherwise my *only option* is to find a way to feel good -- *even if the situation doesn't feel like it's changing*; that is, *without needing the situation to change* (so I can feel good). it really is that easy.
  I've been in a few situations in my life (in fact, you can see it in every girl I've been with) -- which is that she wanted me to be a reflection of her (care about the things she cares about and stuff like that) -- and I'm a really good reflector, so I do, but then she hates me and doesn't want anything to do with me. jeri did exactly that the other day: I reflected her own self back to her and she was angry and frustrated and pissed off. I try not to reflect angry people back to them too much anymore, but could you imagine what I'd be like if I'm with one girl and then all of a sudden I've "fallen in love" and now we're insparable, and she's everything to me, and I just can't get enough of her -- until the next one comes along and she too is similar so I'm struck and fallen in love again, we're inseparable, and I can't possibly live without her -- until the next one comes along...
in my opinion, living as a reflection of another person who is not an individual like myself, is not a very pleasant way to live.
I know that for most men (who think pretty miserably of theirselves), the idea that they can become a reflection of such a fair, noble, and gentle creature such as a little girl seems like a dream come true, but for me, as someone who actually likes himself, and sees myself as an individual, -- with the knowledge that everything I thought I wanted someone else to accomplish for me (or feel like I could accomplish it), is actually something I want to accomplish for myself -- the idea of going back to depending on someone else to make me feel some way, feels like a regression to me: I'm devolving from individual back to dependent again.
  I really like the idea of working on things with others together, and I really don't mind it when someone (or myself) doesn't know everything or can do everything for theirselves -- and working together is fun -- but...
usually what character traits a person desires to find in someone else, they're actually desiring to find those same things in theirself.

at this time, I started to think about the "merchant of venice" play, where portia is looking for a suiter... which is where I'll resume next time (cause this is quite long now). 

### 2023-05-19 05:13 - unwraveling the whole mess

I still don't have my computer working with sound (so this is without music, only listening to mr-coffee humming away beside me), but the time away from everything has given me quite some perspective, which has been very helpful.

yesterday, a few events happened, but the notable one was I was walking down the street coming back from mom's place and as I walked past house #22, I noticed a blue-flowered weed I hadn't seen before. in my mind's eye, I noticed that it was kinda similar tto another weed-like plant that grew different than the sage (expands inwardly as it grows up instead of the flower pods "popping" out and up like a mushroom vela). also it had this really intense deep blue colour that I had only seen one other time, and it was in a dream about weeds: a blue-flowered weed plant that looked kinda similar to that one I saw. I went back to inspect the plant, and noticed that it has a leaf texture similar to the weed-mint combo I have growing in the back. I smelled my fingers and also they have nearly the same smell as well (which is quite distinct because weeds usually don't smell very good -- yet the violet flowered ones I have in the front have a sort of honey-suckle smell, and the weed-mint ones also smell pretty OK, as well).
anyway, I was quite interested in the weed when I hear some noise, perhaps shouting coming from the inside. this is the house where the guy came out to give me a story about how his mom is going through this terrible time and it's all my fault because I was taking cigarettes out of their ashtray. I told him I wasn't going to do it anymore, and I haven't been smoking anyway, but the noise made it sound like I'm still unwanted to be around there (though, cause the weed is so interesting I'm going to try and go back when they're not there to get a better look).
I swallowed the weed I had in my mouth and as it was starting to come up, I was sitting in the shed thinking about the weed. I was also looking at the violet-flowered ones in the back and was noticing how they were growing much better in the luis' side of the back. they're also growing over by remi's house and I also saw them growing in the front of house #22. I noted also previously that those weeds tend to grow more in response to my energy -- like the fist time I saw the violet-flowered ones was a few springs ago when I was watching stars out in the field, and they started to grow up around the spot where I was at. now, they're growing all around, and so I considered that the energy requirements (considering remi's daughters, myself, and norma), it seemed likely to me that the source of these weeds growing is actually coming from the energy that we're putting out.
as I was thinking about that, I was trying to locate the source for the energy for the weeds at #22 and remembered there is a girl there. I started to feel out the girl at #22 and the words popped into my head, "wants to deflower her" (an interesting pun because I was thinking about flowers). I quickly located the source of that thought, and it felt like it was coming from her father (who feels quite similar to the guy that told me the story about his mom's breakdown cause of my cigarettes), so I responded, "maybe that's what *he* thinks, but I don't want anything to do with that" ... and left it at that.
later on, throughout the day, I started to get reactions to it and I may have responded to one or two (don't remember now), but this morning when I woke up, the situation was pretty present in my mind (and this time, not being stoned, it was easier for me to logically explain it), which then kinda unwraveled the whole thing for me: if indeed my feelings are correct, the discomfort has nothing to do with cigarettes[^1] or anything like that, and actually this whole thing is about his fear that I(or someone else like me) will come and steal his daughter and deflower or whatever. I don't want to have anything to do with any of that because, -- that's already happened to me: when I was in spain, marcos had this fear about andrea (he said that she'd constantly greet strangers and be friendly with other guys), and that he was scared of her ending up with some awful dude that would take away her chastity or whatever (he said the first part at least, and I added the second). well, his own fear of that is what kept attracting her to me.
  I was interested in making a web site based on ideological proximity, thinking *that* would be how I would find a girl that's in the same general mental vicinity as I am -- and not some 11yo girl that's mostly not interested in any of the stuff I'm interested in. she did seem to have the quality of being able to feel the way that she wanted to feel even though her parents were exceptionally grumpy (just like the woman at #22), and I liked that quality about her, so because abraham had convinced me (and I remain convined) that you don't actually get what you want with effort, but by feeling the way you want to feel, I figured that perhaps we could be good for eachother -- not cause we had anything in common, but because she seems to be able to do what I (at that time) was struggling with.
  long story short, evolution-of-desire: what I thought I was looking for in her, I really wanted for myself, and so even though that whole thing fell through, I was guided through a series of events that lead me up to the moment where I'm at now, where I *can* feel the way I want to feel, and I don't need to be looking for others to try and fill in that missing part of "who I am", for me.
as things do, this fear that I'm going to come and try to steal some girl's chastity away from them spread like wildfire amongst many fathers, and it created this trend where a lot of girls that otherwise wouldn't really find me interestting, now find me attractive.
  nosebook capitalised on this, and I think to some extent, this fear became quite a motivating force for many women as well, because they would look at me, and then look at the average other guy out there, and I'm considerably more sincere and open than most, -- so considering the options, I look pretty good -- and so then they seemed to start steering their daughters in my direction, as well.
so what's actually been happening this entire time is a whole lot of desire/fear from fathers and mothers has been motivating a lot of girls in my direction, and I think it's been exascerbated by nosebook and the visuals that they put to the thing (lyssander). I'm not actually attracted to them (remember, I've been trying to create a website so that I can interact with others on the same mental level as my own), and they're not acttually attracted to me either, but because of the motivation that's been produced by all of the fear and comparison, I find myself continually in the spot that I'm in.

now, let's look at things from a more general perspective:
- nosebook has their desires, which are to keep me busy, not creating anything that I want to create, and to be a content source for their female audience.
- I have my own desires which are to keep my own identity of who I am (I don't want to be a reflection of all of these girls that are attracted to me, not cause we're similar, but because they're getting steered in my direction). I want to actually find people (in general, not just girls) that think and operate like I do.

I'm not actually interested in going the way of pleasure, because I can tell you from experience that using sex like a drug just doesn't work out well. if I want to have pleasure, there are many other ways to get pleasure than with sex. in fact, I find the pleasure aspect to be the most detracting thing about sex at all. in my mind, I want it to be a simple energy exchange, where we somehow share the same emotional/thought zone, and in that space together, we can create and feel eachother without any limitations; that's not accomplished with pleasure. it may be possible to, when both people are feeling the same pleasure, be in the same sort of symbolic/conceptual reality (I'm not talking about the zero-point "living-blackness" stuff, cause I don't experience that) because we're both feeling similar pleasure, but then we have to find a way to *keep up the pleasure*.
  which is an impossibility called "chasing the dragon" -- where you keep doing tthe drug/sex trying to get back to the epic first time, and it never works, because our brain accustoms to the thing, and the novelty of the event can't be recreated. what our brains crave is novelty, and we think it's pleasure because pleasure made the novel experience possible.
  for me, the idea of just "being" with someone is quite nice, but it requires a bit of a surrender of things we would consider secrets -- because when I actually feel conceptually like you do, and you do, like me -- there's no separation between us, and all of my concepts (and the symbols they resonate with) can be explored from my vantage point, and from theirs (cause we don't have a difference in physical state which would tint those concepts to the physical sensation of the moment).
so, for me, sex is actually the *worst* way of accomplishing what I want to do[^2] -- and because of the pleasure aspect, sex even makes it near to impossible -- which is probably why nosebook is trying to push me in that direction.

so then, the next obvious question then, is: -- if I'm not actually attracted to these girls, then who am I attracted to?
the answer is: "I don't know" -- and I'm willing to hold out for it; however, I can say that (like everything), I'll know it when I see it (meaning, it'll be easy to recognise).

[1]: in fact, my stealing cigarette butts out of the ash tray may have been the easiest way for him to tell his mom he'd rathar she didn't smoke.
[2]: which is, have an infinitely novel experience with someone because concepts are always changing, so when two interact, they both change at the speed of realisation (each realisation is a novel experience cause both of our concepts have changed).

### 2023-05-19 06:50 - going physical

one of the things th