# not-sure

### 2023-10-17 16:37 - dunno

last night, I felt inspired to look at the latest snake-bros episodes (I think it may have said 42 new episodes or something -- don't remember the exact trigger), but anyway the latest episode #301 caught my attention. I read the show notes and noticed they talk at the end about how they're thinking about things currently, so I listened to the last 45m and then went to sleep. I downloaded a few other episodes as well, but haven't listened to them. I'll prolly listen to the previous one #300 as well with heather cause that one also kinda caught my eye. anyway, at the end there's a song about the 300th episode and how to send an email... now, whether the song is directly created with me in mind or now, doesn't matter cause it got me thinking.
    at first, I was searching for ideas that I could send as an email, and I just don't have anything I want to say anymore. I used to have this idea that I wanted to get my own ideas (about how the universe works) out there and make them easily accessable for others, because IMO (and I've done a lot of research into others' the-manual), my the-manual is *FAR SUPERIOR* to anything anyone else has, in religion or in science. to me there's just no question about it, and the only thing that's really remaining for me now is to start building technology that will allow me to explore further.'
    there's a lot I can do inside of my head, but at some point, I have to begin *experimenting* and seeing what works, and what doesn't work. without the ability to experim5nt, I feel quite limited in how much further I can go (I mean, I'm already pretty out there, as it is). I can continue to speculate, but I feel that building a whole lot more ideas on a stack of assumptions/speculations, is a undesirable way of moving forward. I have a lot of ideas which can test my the-manual, and essentially the all come down to either tesla-related ideas (including mechanical resonators), and genetics, and also both.
    at any rate, my desire to get my ideas out there and get them spread out to people was very likely a reflection of the snake-bros in general, because nowadays after having taken enough of a break from listening to their episodes, I find that I don't really need to prove my ideas so much to other people (though I could have been reflecting any of the content creators I was consuming back then, and not necessarily just them).
anyway, the takeaway I have from listening to the last 45m or so is that they don't really have a clear way to look at all of the stuff that I talk about (cause I can connect 411 and UFOs), and that's perfectly fine -- so they want to keep searching cause both agree that there is more than just the physical/material world, which is also fine too. if they want to keep searching, I don't have anything to say to them or to write in an email, because I'm not at the searching/hypothesis stage anymore, and I'm now in the experimenting stage.
    I laid down actually quite a while trying to think about what I could possibly write them for an email, and the *only* idea that came to mind was a rap song about sending emails, and I could write out the lyrics, but they were almost the same as his lyrics (just 1st person now: "I sent an email") and it doesn't have the music and the beat to go with it -- and also I just don't know how I could do that in a music program in any reasonable amount of time. the best I can do is a poor reflection.
    the problem with trying to write any emails or any of these things nowadays for me, is tthat I simply can't do much more than reflect others. as I'm gaining more and more attraction power, it's becoming more and more difficult for me to *tell* anyone anything. if someone has questions for me, that's an easy thing for me to do is answer a question, but I can't really assert that this or that *is* what it is. I'm also feeling really strange when I tell my experience using "you"; as now I must explain it from my perspective, and not just assume that "you" or anyone else has the same experience.
        I started off in the discord server asking people to ask me any question that they wanted.. one guy asked me why the sky was blue. I told him that I think it comes from the spherical resonator on the inside of the planet, and out in space, it's prolly a very deep deep blue, and as the frequency gets slowed down, it appears to us as blue. that seemed to cause problems, so I left. I did like that format though where I can just answer the question the way I think that it is, because if I had've went on to the discord and said, "guys we live on top of a star and the most dense part (slowest vibrations) is the stuff we live on, and that's where the there's an inversion of vibrations, such that the inside of the planet is essentially a mirror of the outside" -- that would have also been problematic. it was actually even difficult just now to come up with a contrived example there, as it's much easier when there's a question I have to work with.
            on this subject, I've stopped writing the-manual because I no longer feel any more desire for me to write out how I think the world works. whether that's tampering by nosebook or a real subsidance in desire to know what  I think, I can't really tell -- so I just go with it. nobody wants to know, so I don't write. I'm largely a reflection of other people (look at my discussions with dr-robyn), and so I really don't have anything to email. ask a question or something so that I can respond to it (but it'll probably be too long, though I assure you it won't stop me from sending it or saving it here).
        I really don't want to start becoming assertive with m/ beliefs: if others want to know, they'll ask -- and if they don't, they'll change the subject and stop the conversation. I *will not* attempt to try and get anyone to see things the way I see them.
