# nuptune-difficulty

### 2023-06-26 22:11 - initial ideas

I was thinking about how I want to become, because the whole thing is for *me* to become the DNA as we're going along. like I'll be one prototype, and then more will come, and they'll build model DNA and morph into that new DNA structure (like a genetic upgrade system). I'll select changes that I want to make for myself, cause I'm becoming the species model figure as we're designing it. others will join, obviously and we'll slowly change over vast majorities of humans to become these DNA as they opt into it (like no pressure, you know (wink wink)). like, it's got to be cool to join and stuff. I'm sure for them those things will involve the pinecone, and that's great, but I'm a species that doesn't have that, so we have screens/sensors that render into a grid array (or something even more stable than that) they'll see basically infinitely and build virtual cosmetics to show up on top of the zillions of atoms that they'll see (a sort of video filer) -- and that'll be personally customisable
  each of this considering as being an upgrade, however I've thoughtt a lot about change, and if you want a sepecies that doesn't have a lot of change, it's going to be more pleasurable, and also minimal unwanted, because unwanted produces change/novelty, so we stick to simple implementation of a "constant" (in our habits/tradition) to maintain very slow change, because they're just running at "peak" already -- like, why change something that's been cruising for billions and billions and billions of years of course
    (they'll all start out thinking they've already been around for that long (noble-lie), right -- the hardware infallable, but we'll notice many fails in software that'll need bugfixing/updates as well)

one other way to think about it is, when the species officially starts, is when other people join it -- and I suppose we could think of that as a sort of "wedding" -- a slow rollout wedding :)

### 2023-06-27 04:01 - initial implemsentation ideas

bea
marty/brett
johnathan/david
dr-robat?
health solutions?

- not intending to do genetics -- intending to purposefully attract negative ideas to fuzz/alter perception through learning to find new ways to "see"/connect that concept (in relation to other concepts).
- the idea is to build a (nearly?) all X pachage, with the other chromosomes containing the parts of our existing other 21 pairs, splitting the genetics wide -- very wide -- like the goal is to be thousands, millions, and eventually zillions of chromosomes (lol, I wonder how mother nature fill fix our scaling problems? -- cause technically, it's not really our problem, but one inherent to the species, which itself will solve in a future evolution). also the many chromosomes act as a stability to ensure that genetics stay relatively constant (not much novelty)
- instead of novelty, we aim to gain in diversity. one solution I have for this is a new chromosome that is like 2 (or more) magnifying transmitters, which resonates with itself in a way which continually produces higher and higher harmonics (it's a good reflection of itself with low losses/resistance). put one of those at the top (serves as desire), which will produce a very high frequency -- and that high of a frequency will not increase the speed, but instead be an traversal outward on one of the *3* (cause our new race will have 3 "genders" -- or alignments/initial directions on one of the 3 pen-rose tiling). the higher the frequency, the deeper down into the pen-rose you've gotten. the most diverse things are a frequency so fast that it's not even distinguiahable ever by any instrument as noise (impossible tto tune into something that fast -- but harmonics are available -- just like desire -- and when those harmonics are recognisable and resonate with other concepts, a new manifestation (of novelty or diversity) is right nearby temporally) we're opttimising for diversity.
- novelty, diversity, and joy/fun|resistance/effort are the mantra of this DNA setup. there are three aspects, two are qualitatively similar and the others are opposite. it could be two constants and one dynamic, or (our case will be) two dynamic, one constant/linear, one infinite.

### 2023-06-27 04:03 - moar ideas

- no secrecy, and all efforts will be plainly obvious, as I (and others) will be living in the prototype
- I really want to implement the ideas each person individually, by (as I've done), changing my DNA with my mind, because DNA is a reflection of perception, it's therefore more beneficial for us to identify and target the forms of perception which trigger the changes we want, and have each user construct their own changes: like, they'll get a therapy session, which will then attract the dual concept of that idea (which always feels bad), so then when one can feel good about the dual concept, then they feel good about the concept as well.
  - because each change is made individually, and each individual has it's own desire (I-chromosome -- or Z), then the implementation will be a reflection of their position in conceptual space relative to their pen-rose "identity" frequency. we'll have tried every combination desired, and because of the pen-rose, each path to get the desire is unique.
  - also this is good beause it accomplishes the lower resistance preference over good-feeling, by learning to feel good about all concepts in some way shape or form. more diversity means a broader, more continuous spectrum.
  - finally, this capability of making changes mentally is the precursor to adjusting one's genetics and perception in order to *appear* (and move) differently.
  - lastly, it's also a precursor to reproducing conceptually: (by building the new reproduction/copy of another):
  - "wow I like him!" ~copy~
  - "I wanna try her out and see what she's like" ~copy~
  - "let's make a new version of ourselves, with our combined traits and maybe some new ones." ~zoink; splat~

### 2023-06-27 10:17 - goals and stuff

- main goal of this project is, I (kenny) have universal perception, meaning I see things like the universe does, so I want to make a new one.
  - the idea is a bit ahead of its time, and also it's a *big jump*, because most humans have not even fully reached stellar consciousness (think like a star).
  - between a star and a universe is a lot of galaxies, so if I'm in one point (vega) and earthlings are over in sol, then we already have the beginnings of such a setup. in fact, one of the likely next major earth changes will be to point one of its poles at the sun.
    - one side of earth will be very bright and sunny. for those of us that are fine with that (notice how black ants and insects are fine in max (diffuse) sunlight, as sunlight is just another sensor to say what mode the colony should be in). we'll be fine in the sunlight. below us (on either side), will hang a galaxy of planets with a whole bunch of stars
      - we'll provide the stars, as the effort of making such a race of beings like us is to build the most densest, high frequency star ever (see tesla's "last interview"), as our concepts (represented as hydrogen) will be extremely high frequency and very attractive. a 1st ray star (important because we need stable desire/novelty in the species)
      - planets (at least the rocky ones like earth) can probably be created simply by creating a cataclysm on the planet (enough to have significant enough changes) and to put it into a new solar regime (like a 1st ray), and its astral qualities will solidify into physical components. stoneworks are probably going to be done in astral to ensure the right properties/frequency to set the planet to.
  - therefore, before going all the way to universe, why not spend some time doing a galaxy, as it'll be a little bit easier than a whole universe -- plus you know, experience is super key on big projects, and you wanna learn from your mistakes before committing to "the really big one".
- once the universe is desired to be built, there are a number of options: because a universe is thought of as a monopole, containing both masculine and feminine, good/bad, etc., then somehow we all need to get on the same page of what we want to create. if we decide to do more than one (most likely), then we will, but also if we think of ourselves as one pole, they can be an opposite pole and use our species ultra stable frequency as a reference point to build off of. we may not be "absolute" zero, but close enough to not have any detectable noise in any way.
  - getting a whole lot of people on the same page is a very dificult task without supervision. apparently, this universe has the problems that it has because a 7th ray (not going to name any names here, but probably me) wasn't happy with being supervised all the time and wanted to make his own (superior) ideas. therefore, it's my belief that soething of that scale should be done organically (bottom-up) and coming from what's *attracted*, not necessarily what's *planned*, because planning requires supervision, and these guys *do not* want me planning anything (that's why these are goals, duh).
    - the project itself will be a microcosom of the problem, because I have a lot of features I want to add to the insects, and others will too, so anything that's desired we'll make them and add them all to the starting upgrades that we can have/get, and so not only will the feature be desired to be created, but all things are opt-in, and so therefore *also* desired (this is highly important because desire is going to power our *diversity*, instead of novelty, which is constant/linear)
    - in the same vein, I believe that a universe should be very much the same -- where you create your *own* reality, and the universe is just a sort of sandbox to make your dreams come true; this species will also be a living sandbox, where each person makes their own diverse way of doing things, mixes, combines, etc.
- the final and last goal is two reasons: 1. I'm going so fast, that the only way to slow me down or contain me is to make me a species. 2. they want something they can control, and I think it's a great idea to let them try that.
  - I have no fear over how much control they'll try and exert on me (see me now), and actually it's true that we'll be stable the more wanted stuff we turn into new (diverse) creations, and also physical pleasure, than to be dissatisfied with the situation. any amount of dissatisfaction produces unwanted which creates unmanifested wanted, which is novelty. once the novelty train gets rolling, there's no stopping it, and a universe *will* get built -- so their "trigger" for us is to allow wanted to manifest in the form of novelty or to produce unwanted for us (which then automatically produces wanted; win-win for us.
- though it's possible to gain our genetics *without* having accomplished the perception/concepts which makes those genetics possible, the species itself is designed in such a way that everyone *is* the creation they appear as.
  - it's possible to get some imposters that come over pretending to have the perception when (when they don't) -- and that's fine, because the frequency of their genetics will *attract* the realisation/reflection of that concept to be present mentally. so impost a way, cause you're only looking at appearance and saying "I want to actually be able to do that, even though I'm only pretending I can do it, at first"
