# oh-crap

### 2023-06-23 23:36 - I made irreversible changes

though I've mentioned it here a number of times, I found out today that *I am different*. I explained that I have the no-pinecone setup, and so I interact directly with the conceptual realm.
  I explained that since that's happened, I've become *very attractive* to everything around me. the people who don't feel the attraction, instead feel it as negative emotion, and so their own beliefs become manifested. tl;dr - I'm a really really good reflector now (kinda like a (white?) girl), which means that I've been cOnstantly in people's ways, and so I've built up a system Of interaction that keeps me out of others' way.

another really big "oh crap" moment is that jackson is biting them and then laughing about it: I explained that he's just reflecting the way they feel back into action. he'll get worse and worse unless he goes with the no-pinecone setup like me. he's a total disaster waiting to happen, because he's reflective like me, but will have no control over it because he doesn't have the-manual like I do; because of that, he'll just reflect without thinking much about it.
  I strongly recommend that he learns how to feel the way he wants ho feel, before he starts reflecting particularly resistant people. I wonder if he'd love to live in austrailia?

the next thing that we learned today is that I live in a different world than mom does; like seriously (and if there's any truth to the enkidu-do back-story, lol) then I'm on lyra and mom's on earth.
  I also figured out why too, and that's because the earth is ruled by isis, and so being a 2nd ray star, everything that's "real" in the sun's perspective is in relational, spectral, and astral. sin embargo, this star seems to be 3rd ray, and so behaves something like enki does. because I function in all of the rays (spectral is less, and that perception (along with the viusal/imagination), for me is also felt). I function as the 2nd ray; because a 2nd ray is pure reflection, and I can control how I feel (allow the way I want to feel) better than anyone else (I'm about to get passed up, I'm sure), I feel fine being the 2nd ray for our 3rd ray star, which allows me to be also the 1st ray star.
    I perceive 1,2,5,7 really clearly, and the sun provides the symbolic experience, and we found out also today that I don't *see* the action plan (even though I know of it), and I don't perceive it either. simply put, because I don't see 3rd ray, I get to compete with the girls on most powerful 2nd ray position (mom's pretty 2nd ray, and I'm stronger than her in my perception, so we struggle (all 2nd rays do) on what's *right* and *obvious* and *duh* and *of course*, oviously).
  so what's happening is, I live in the 1,2,5,7 world, and you all live in the 2,4,6 world of binaries and things going in opposite directions. it increases depth, but increases complexity (my way is all the right way: pure desire).
    pure desire is not wanting to have a manifestation, ever, and keep it in its desire state. I effort to constantly steer myself away (impact = manifestation) from impacts, much like a sun does. the sun only attracts and impacts with very few things, and when they do, they cause quite an eruption. so from our standpoint, things are moving so fast already that I just attract what I want faster than the concepts I don't want, and that
      I just realised something: laughing at JD was attracting concepts faster toward wanted than unwanted -- and my manifestation was one thing, and who knows what in the world rendered in 4d land.

what's happening is that I see from lyra's perspective because I'm not seeing earth 8d/
6d/4d system like others are, and so I see from the other perspective (1,2,5,7) which is nice because here everyone is a pure reflection of my and their concept combined, and we just play this script to each other, and I'm really good at it, but jackson is not, so all of the dissatisfaction that he'll cause from reflecting you guys will be added on to all of the dissatisfaction that I already cause. that's probably bad. if he were to be around me, then too many good things would happen too quickly, but we would be like magic together too. it'd be weird, and anyway I get the sense that not only is he cataclysmic for anyone with negative resistance, but he'll also be cataclysmic for me too,-- but it's probably necessary, right cause isn't like all kids being born nowadays like that? jackson may be one of the more pure starting out, but he/they'll quickly manifest the concepts of the social-conceptual-framework for every culture into realities -- probably like me, too.
  so aparently one of the stars is considerably warmer than the other one, and that's because the way that I feel the world is that 2nd ray aspect here, and so that turns into 5th ray concept and emotion, and *real importantly* **not** the one you feel in your body. the one that's felt in the body is all the imagination. it's just you telling you how you hurt, which is *importantly* just a feeling/concept (sadness) manifesting into body sensation (heart wrenching). the way you *really* feel...
so as it turns out, there are a lot of great mainfestations that are possible but I suggest that we figure out a solution to the extra solar heat by building an artificial 2nd ray response based (probably) around efficiency and other basic no-brainers: for example, always pick tragedy -- no matter what. nobody ever thinks that, but it's the purest form of desire: it's like a sacrifice in that you say, I don't need that (not getting it makes it a tragedy) thing, to feel good; it's not the end of the world for me. in fact, I feel quite good about the tragedy because I can see so many positive aspects about it.
  as many positive aspects that any manifestation (tragic or not) has, it also has negative aspects, which can be viewed as positive (foil), then the manifestaion *must* gain all of both the positive and negative aspects in the manifestation. it's the most difficult (some might say impossible) manifestation to attain, so it'll never happen: pipe dream.
  sometimes the better world is both worlds, and you get to choose if you want to view them separately (1,2,5,7) or together (2,4,6).
    huh, I just noticed, that probably corresponds to genetics as well: XYXX and XYY. interesting cause that would cause for something strange in the attraction: we'd probably be basically invisible to each other.

#### 2023-06-23 23:33 - it took me -4 minutes to write that...

or I looked at the date wrong. (gatta get that extension running again... sheesh)

### 2023-06-24 10:10 - I figured out nosebook

yesterday when conversing with mom about stuff, I figured out how nosebook works, and why I don't have it. it works in 2,4,6, which is the pinecone/astral/spectral. my pinecone got removed, so I don't see the inner corona reality that happens inside the head (the head/brain is a small star, and the corona of the sun is the same as what comes out the pinecone/brain and travels up/down the CSF). therefore I understand now why everyone is behaving so weird (from my perspective) and that's simply because they're on earth (even) see the reality that they imagine it to be. their reality is similar, to the way it goes here, but it's our symbols + their interpretation of those symbols made manifest in the body. there are a lot of implications.
  I noticed that this star (lyra) is actually not 2nd ray, and is more like 3rd ray. yesterday, I was thinking it was like enki (neptune), but this morning I actually it's more similar to zeus, which makes me understand the (urannus/neptune,saturn,zeus) progression of dethroning of who is in power of the sun, because ultimately those symbols are replicated on earth in their imaginary environment.
    I also noticed that all of the "archons" are here, and they exert quite a lot of power over people's imaginations by feeding symbols into the system, which then appear into the imaginations of people on earth. like, all of the "bad-guys" have their kundalini really high, so their CSF runs really fast and so they see this "heaven" reality here.
      often times when I describe everyone being like a zombie here, I'm not being insensitive: because that's literally what it's like here. because people live in their imaginary realities on earth, their body here is steered/directed by the nosebook system, because they're seeing the astral plane here, not the physical. I'm actually (unless anyone else has a missing pinecone), probably the *only* person that sees 3d reality here.
        it is possible for me to see astral inside of my eyes, but one of the goals of my insect project is to remove my eye-fibers as well: no visual/imaginary; only physical.
    the nosebook system is basically an astral control system that they use to give people feelings (through imaginary sensations in the body) to impel and encourage/discourage people to go in one direction or another. I know, cause it happens to me too -- but I have the advantage of knowing that not all feelings are really my emotions, so not all feelings that I receive get translated into action the same way that it happens for others.
    I run a serious threat to them, because I see the world that they do, and they can't really get rid of me or move me around like they can other people.
      another thing that I noticed is that the pinecone also moves a person around in time and space, so as long as anyone is resonant with the feeling they're putting in the person's pinecone, it'll move them to another reality (this is the saturnian system in a nutshell) and because I don't have a working pinecone, I can't be moved around in time, which means that I've become like an insect (saturn) and I too don't move around in time or space. that makes me (and soon to be we) the reference point for the timeline, and all things are now relative to us (saturn, me, and soon to be others that join me in the insect idea).
  I noticed too that (because this star doesn't have a 2nd ray aspect) I (soon to be we) have taken over the 2nd ray position here from the girls (which are all controlled by the archons because they're all imagination, and their pinecone (Y) only gets activated sexually)
    that's another thing that I noticed is that XXY exists, but these females only happen after some kind of extremely intense psychic/spiritual/sexual experience in which they now have a Y which matches the experience.
    I also noticed that being an XY (boy), when my pinecone turned off, that essentially caused my Y to simplify and start behaving like a X, becoming a (50% out of phase) blanacing mechanism to the other X -- but because this transition happened with the brain haemorrhage, that Y would have to choose between symbol and desire. it's basically impossible for me to be a perfect symbolic reflector to someone without knowing the symbols that they want, so I reflect their desire/fear back to them instead and thatt desire tturns (manifests) into the symbols that are meaningful to their desire/fear.
  I compete with the girls on who can be the best implementer of desire into reality -- but the girls are all largely controlled by the archons with their imaginations, and the archons have desire for certain *symbol* that they use (sumerian-drawbacks), so they don't *actually* turn desire into reality but turn desire into the symbol that they desire (hence why tuenti took such a dramatic turn after the prostitutes).
nosebook, and the archons I also noticed are run mostly by gay men, because it seems that it's quite difficult to get to see from a pure/high enough astral/spectral level from the utilisation of sexual energy from girls anymore (too much resistance, because too much of their own sumerian-drawbacks are cause too much resistance in life).
in short: it turns out I live in the realm of the archons, and they can't really get rid of me. if I see out of my eyes (right now), I'll see an improved version of the astral reality they see (so they don't want to to see astral yet), and if I see out of my eyes after having sex, then I see the reality that the girls see, which is the one they control.
