# planetary-gridwork

### 2023-05-20 14:51 - icosahedron/water system

I woke up thinking this morning about the lens that's around the earth that's the ionosphere, when from the outside looking in (outside-in), it looks kinda like a simulation to a lot of people, and that's because they see the symbols of the concepts where they're looking att earth in that moment in time and space, relative to their perception, of course.
well, the sense that I get is that my concepts produce a much nicer environment to be inside of.
  I even had the image of the isrealites with the ark of the covenant -- which at that time was a box made of a lot of good-feeling materials (gold and stuff)
     -- and btw, I used to walk around with 250g of gold in my pocket, so take that feeling and amplify it by millions to get a sense of what the ark of the covenant felt like.
  which produced a pretty good feeling because of the amplifying properties of the natural|metalic (statics capacitor), so while the sun is quite hot, the people that were in vicity of the ark were clouded by day and night (just like I am).
what's happening I believe is that my aura is so large that it's basically connecting with and intermingling with the ionosphere, producing the concepts that *I* want to see in reality
  to understand what I mean here, you have to imagine yourself when you get up there (past the mid/reflection-point) and you're looking at earth from the "outside-in" perspective, you see all things as pure reaction. your body back on earth is in autopilot, and while you're there, you see things from the perspective that the "I" does on earth, but instead of "I" being a human body, the "I" is if I were earth, and earth's desire for how to move me around on the planet in space and time;
    it displays to you all all manner of reality like sceduling, and controlling, moving symbols aroundd, making things hold meaning/feeling, making some things appear attractive and others unattractive, etc; anything you do in real-life from the human perspective, now you do it from an earth perspective.
  its desires are your desires, and so it's allowing you to move things around according to your own perception.
    there is no assertion, so any "controlling", manipulating, or whatever you think you're doing to someone else, you're attracting the same thing for yourself (because who do you think moved in the timeline? -- them or you?).
  therefore you are now, by actively engaging in making your reality the one you want it to be, a part of the earth's core desire: harmony. I know it sounds all mamby-pamby but the thing is, it's just really nice when all things are working together, and that happens (by default), when everyone is creating their own reality. it's just that simple :)
so what's happening (probably) is that my side of the planet has a much nicer environment than the other side, and that's cause the sun shines on everyone equally, and concepts that work really well for me (received as sunlight: x-ray+) are good for me in m/ perception, but others translate those same concepts more difficultly.
  for example, this morning I had a long conversation with jaron about all of the stuff he can't do without having money. he's got a lot of different ideas about what he *can't* do, when I hardly ever think about the things I can't do; simply because they're irrelevant to me. contemplating the things I can't do (unless I'm analysing to find out how I can do it) is a complete waste of time, so I don't do it.
  he thinks it's this giant conspiracy against him, and that may or may not be happening, because for me I just have so many better things to think about than to waste my time on that stuff.
    there are only two things in this world: things I *can* do something about, and things that I *can't* do something about. I am forced to live both those things, and since it's way too much effort to try and do something about the things I can't do anything about, I choose not to waste the energy :) easy.

  you know, there's this funny thing that I get to notice from my perspective, and one of them watching people all around me doing well inside of the sphere of my conecpts, and others choosing to do poorly, because they don't like my concepts and they choose to define their own (reality).
  I have no control over how powerful my concepts are becoming, and it's kind of like this problem that all stars have -- which is that their concepts completely dominate the local neighbourhood. that's why there's a lot of space between them :) you gatta make the space though, cause I can't do it for you. #stellar-problems

anyway, so after that I was thinking about this idea of how we could try and make it so that my concepts were present all over the planet. the easy way to do that (obviously) would be to get everyone to see their reality as a reflection of theirselves; but that's like totally not an option, because I can't commando someone eles's will and desire, forcing them to do what I think they should do.
  this morning I had a long conversation with jaron about this, where he wants someone to tell him to do things, because he refeses to desire to do anything (so he never fails at it), and so because he's so undesirous and passive, he lives inside of m/ conceptual bubble, which means that he's got to live like I do (low resistance to others attempting to assert theirselves or control me), and feel better about things no matter what (cause it's a waste of time otherwise) or he's got to define his own reality: *this* is how *I* do things; *that* is how *you* do things, so nuuuh. -- or continue to complain about not having enough money and people to tell him what to do...

  there's this funny thing about language, which is I commonly (and its a very feminine aspect) to say things like "you don't want to do that" -- when, I don't mean *you*, but instaed, "it's generally advisable not to do that" or perhaps "I wouldn't do tthat if I were you". I impose my desire on people in language only, and it's kinda a bad habit: shoulding people down.
so what needs to happen (cause itt's doubtful there's going to be a bunch of people signing up to take resposibility for their reality) is a bunch of conceptual clones of me need to be made; more *stars*, in essence.

after that, I was reminded of "planetary-gridworker romance" thing from a long time ago, where it was nikki-ana-jones and myara-rose doing this thing that I thought was hilarious, and got me thinking. I'd like to expand on that thinking:
  one of the things that the original prometheus did was think a lot ahead into the future; he liked to use his imagination and play his perception of events playing out in time forward, kind of *simulating* how the future would play out. he wasn't very good at it because his system was too unstable. he ended up causing his own destruction with his own creation *because* he couldn't predict the future.
    how good is the god of forethought, if he can't predict the future, right? he needs a stable system, so along comes enki with his perfectly stable and 100% predictable system with (essentially) no variables, cept the sun. he figures, if the sun remains stable, then his earth system will remain stable, constant and fully predictable.
    he didn't understand that all things in the physical want to change and to improve, and his system limited this. the end of the titans.
  zeus shows up and he offers an expandable symbolic system of constantly more, rathar than constant. inflation or expansion is always going to take place and so why not embrace it, *and* so long as we can predict the symbols, the system remains fully predictable in time.
    he accounts for desire, but the desire has to conform to a symbolic match and so therefore to avoid unexpected desire, a system of ceremonies and sequences were designed to attract the desire through a procession of symbols (like astrology and the zodiac)
  the problem is, however as well as those ceremonies and rituals were to get what's wanted, there's still a lot of people getting unwanted.
    so then, ceremonies and rituals are designed to ward off and inhibit one from attracting these unwanted things -- and the problem is that they're just the dual of the symbol, so just like the decatria attracts the chestahedron (and vice-versa), so does the antidote attract the dote. dissatisfaction increases, and amun's system of magic is causing more problems that it's solving. zeus foiled again.
  you see, what jove doesn't understand is that he's battling jehovah, the goddess of desire/fear. she consumes everything with runaway-feedback-loops until they explode, encouraging you to keep expanding your desire/fear, satisfaction/dissatisfaction, pleasure/pain, etc. until everything has fallen apart and the stuff that doesn't work, fixed. poor guy. happens to the best.
the earth doesn't really like the tetrahedron (fire) layout, because I like, like water (H2O), it can flip it's orientation pretty easily (ironic, huh, fire behaving like water); so the icoasahedral (water) system was instead preferred (though it causes a lot more flooding at times), because the system is a lot more stable than the tetrahedral system.
there may have been some other attempts at using other *geo*-metric systems in there (blah blah solar regimes), but I think the aryan system provided the chestahedron system as the sort of backbone to the vortextual enery input of the earth from the sun.
  the system builds upon an earlier saturnian systems as well, allowing for that (symbolic) lens into earth, but it does so, not with symbols, but with concepts, built upon desire.
  so, the sun outputs desire and symbol (big-picture) and that desire is taken almost exclusively, and the symbol discarded if it doesn't match with the concepts (present all inside the lens) producing the symbols that others are perceiving. those symbols that we produce with our concepts are output radially just like when a person thinks with their brain, and are transmitted to venus and other planets in the solar system (astrology). because they're connected to our concepts, those planets and our perception of those symbolic archetypes are the interplanetary communication (even out into the galaxy).
  you can see that there's a lot of energy that if it's not transformed into symbol (physical substance, like water or astral or conceptual, (which is our job)) starts to build up extra heat.