# random-musings

### 2023-07-07 12:12 - nincompoopery

@[youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggirRxPfjCI)

yesterday when I watched this video pig (can I call you jared? pig sounds weird to me) was talking about the QueenOP's psychotic behaviour; thing is, I noticed that I too display the same behaviour.
  earlier yesterday, I felt a strong pull to go take the weeds I was pulling out to the street. I looked out, and noticed a grey van, which I mistook for a car that I had seen paul (allie's grandpa), driving before. I decided that this was probably one of those things where someone attracts me out with their own fear of seeing me.
    this happens to me all the time, as someone else's fear and desire to see me, both feel the same way, and I feel compelled to go out and see them (just like the grey car/van).
  I decide to finally go out and dump the weeds in trash bin because I hear a trash truck (it was the neighbours' though) and I wanted to get the weeds in before the truck came.
  when I get out there, I notice the camper across the street billowing smoke, and just sorta stand there and watch it because I can't figure out what's happening. I wave to the trash guy and am surprised that he's wondering what I'm looking so hard at. I wonder why he's not noticIng the camper billowing smoke, and walk back to finish more weeding.
  when I'm sitting there weeding, I immediately come to the conclusion that the smoke was some strange ploy that nosebook must be having to drum up some sort of drama (cause I've been sorta quiet lately), and so it was probably scripted that I should have run over to say something to the owner of the camper which I had only met for the first time, the day previous.
  when I was thinking about that, I felt some dissonance in my ideas, and I said, "well, it could have just been mist from a hose and not smoke, but I don't know.
  sure enough, when I went out later, I noticed the "smoke" now coming off of the truck next to the camper, as he was probably washing the truck now. my eyes are simply not good enough to see far enough to tell what it was, and like parmenides(?) I just don't really trust my physical senses anyway, as I have airplanes, hellicopters, and other strange things flying around and making sounds, in my world which are *not really there*.
    I believe they're astral images that are projected into my world by the saturnian types that are constantly producing lots of "arte" (like prospero) and other strange illusions. my eyes see astral (the astral illusions that they allow me to see), but I don't see astral internally (no-pinecone-setup), so my world is largely built around illusion. I can't say for sure the amount, but I can guarantee you that some percentage of the cars, planes, birds (and the sounds they make) are mental images/sounds projected into my world by those that are constantly trying to steer me.
  so, as you can see here, I too have all sorts of paranoid delusions that plague me when I'm sober (much less actually when I'm stoned), and I too decide (like QueenOP) really early on in the game what all of the imagined efforts from nosebook that that I'll be sujected to.
    I'm not 100% a professional victim like QueenOP there, but I definitely instigate just like he does: for example, many times, upon walking outside, I'll call out to happy-bird or mr-motor and see what he's up to, because I want to start up the interaction right away, that way I'm on top of the action. I am *still* constantly a victim to their perceived efforts to steer me around and away from things. thing is, I don't *actually* know if it's a real thing, or if I have so much DMT going through my brain (cause of nosebook's efforts to keep my vision low), that those apparitions are actually just me.
      lately, I've been trying to find a pattern to the sounds, because previously they used to come as a response to stuff that I would think about, and so I figured that the sounds were just people's reactions (anger/frustration/guilt) summed up into a dog barking or motor sounding (or whatever), and that was like a release for the emotional energy so it didn't stack up and come back to haunt them -- but now I'm not so sure because sometimes I get sounds when I'm thinking about really mundane and ordinary stuff -- so either the system is poorly translating my thoughts, or something... I'm really not sure at this point (maybe actually, it's not the thought, but the deepness of the state of mind, because I often times think at the same time to kind of "cover up" something that I'm interacting with on an emotional level)
what's happening here in this video is that QueenOP is doing what (I think it was muhammad ali said in an interview), that all fights are won and lost in the mind; and prove to yourself what you believe about yourself. QueenOP has the victim idea about theirself, and so they pumps out the belief right at the beginning, and if the oponnent is compatible with victimising them, then they'll loose just like they believed theirself to be the victim of those things.
  I do the same thing, pretty clearly, as I have another story to tell which mirrors this: yesterday, I was also thinking about my situation and noting that I should just fall into obscurity, and it'll actually be just fine. I've mentioned elsewhere that my ideas (including the insect species and other strange things) would require a *massive* change to how society works, which I *do not* want to force anyone to endure.
    I've also stated in a previous repo (nosedocs I believe) that I figured out the change of eras, and worked out that jesus represented the start of the era of mutual-back-scratching (which is in full hight now), and I'm starting a new era (feling-purposefully) which will be in full height at the end of the next solar-regime.
    therefore, if I'm actually doing what I can see happening, I'm not about to try and get anyone to do anything by offering (or taking) any benefits from anyone else, or trying to be a victim, or trying to ... because instead of trying to use words/spells, rituatal/coersion, or agreements/negotiations to get what I want, instead, I just keep finding a way to conceptualise my world and feel the way I want to feel about things, **and that's it**.
  last night, I had to stop watching a centre place lecture because I was very tired (this usually happens when it's higher energy times). I laid down and started seeing images in my eyes about pulling weeds and stuff (very ordinary that this happens), but I *don't want* to see my imagination (astral) in my eyes, as I prefer the way I have it now where I interact with the conceptual in a non-visual, no audio/taste/touch/smell, format.
  the idea came to me (which I obviously ruled out) to go down to health solutions and talk to the people there about my options about getting rid of the images in my eyes.
    my theory on how my eyes work is that I noticed that the distance/resolution that one sees is directly proportional to the frequency that I'm running at -- so for example, watching stars would increase my frequency, so I'd see further (in both space and time), however the clarity of the image is directly related to the concepts that I have going on and how I conceptualise my world.
      so, for example, the light comes in the eyes, and through the fibers, getting distorted/bent by the fibers, which then passes through my whole brain and gets put into my visual cortex in the back of my head. that light then (from the back of my head) gets reflected and again through my brain, affecting the "spin" of the light by my concepts as the light then exits my eyes again. (it's a little more complicated than that once you're heart is producing the aura -- and there's also a head aura as well, but I don't know that one yet, as that must happen, probably when the pineal (2) takes over for the heart (4) in making the aura)
    therefore, *my own concepts* modify and distort the light that is both entering my brain (what I see) and I also distort the world with my concepts as well. I know (for certain) that a whole lot of people aren't ready to see the world the way I see the world, because they still have a lot of resistance; meaning, that if they saw "evil" as clearly as I do, still having resistance to it (like for me happy-bird isn't a problem), then then they'd go into severe trauma and withdrawl because the concepts that I can see ("evil") are not going to be plainly obvious, and not hidden behind the cultural/societal narrative that we've all been fed.
      it is kind of ironic that we often times see ourselves as victimised, both as the problem and as the *solution* to seeing things "clearly": when I'm a victim, I don't have to notice that everything that I'm seeing, *I'm attracting* (based on my perception and the spin I put on the light leaving/entering my eyes), causing my to close my eyes and shut out all of that extra "hurtful" and "damaging" information (it's not really) and cover my eyes to not see the trauma; yet also notice that when everything around me is no longer negatively perceived by m5, I cause trauma to others by amplifying traumatic things for others (they don't look traumatic to me because of low resistance). I don't mind being the victim of everything in my reality, because then (like a star) I'm the centre around which all of this stuff is happening: I'm responsible for everything in my reality, and everything is how I perceive it to be.
  it's pretty funny to me how ironic all of this is, because obviously if I'm perceiving someone washing their camper as a traumatic fire situation which nosebook is using to drum up some drama (like a slow FOX news day), then pretty clearly, I don't want the "wool taken off of my eyes" just quite yet. obviously, a few more improvements need to be done with how I see things when I'm sober.
    when I'm stoned, I "see" things clearly (instead of see), and I have the ability to move myself over to whatever I'm looking at and "see" it from their perspective, which is quite handy, as there's no way I would have perceived billowing smoke at all, and instead would have felt what it was like to see the dirt coming off of the camper, the smell of water and mist, and the strange odour that dirt gives mist when washing things off. stoned is a whole different experience I don't know how to exactly explain, because I describe all of these things, but I would smell, feel, and see nothing -- it's just like a memory of being there for me (I did it just now when writing this, cause I can also easily move myself around when writing; not in day-to-day sober reality-kenny, though)

### 2023-07-13 23:49 - supervision

one of the things I was thinking about a fair amount today was the subject of supervision: it all started when after talking with greg about a bunch of stuff, now I'm pulling weeds and I remembered that in the conversation I mentioned to him that "I'm kind of like a magician; just I don't use my super-powers".
  this is important, because just the other day, I started writing my the-manual, and in the intro section, I mentioned that I've developed my the-manual from a number of channeled ideas. some of those are abraham (obviously), but the ray system came from a channeler claiming to channel the "sirians" (from the star sirius, not the country syria) -- which appealed to me very strongly intially. the idea resonated strongly with me, and often times when I read someone, when they "authorize" the material with astral data, I can get the concept out of it and understand the material quickly (as an example, I read the first few chapters of "understanding media" by marshall mcluhan and "got the message" really quickly). the sirian guide is "authorized", but the concepts presented were so alien to me, they were incomprehensible.
    the channeler claims to be channeling aliens from another star system, and the "authorized" concepts (dunno if there's anything visual though) are so incomprehensible, no human could have possibly made it -- so for me, this is good enough to be coming from "aliens".
  along with the "sirian guide to human development" is a channeled narrative from a guy named "kuthumi" (also "authorized") -- and it also had an interesting effect on me. first of all, I recognise it's *just* a narrative; no better than any other narrative, and so I treat it as that. (in old writings, such as "nosedocs", I've even questioned it)
I'm reminded of a narrative by kuthumi which tells a very interesting story about the creation of this universe, how at the end of the last universe when they decided to make the transition, the creators of the previous universe decided they wanted their children to make the new universe; and so to make sure they did it all right, they were going to supervise the creators of this universe.
after a big long ordeal of creating the unverse, they had a 7 ray system, but it was essentially all flash and no substance, because after a number of fails, they finally reconsonidated 3 entire layers into just the astral layer. to emphasise the enormous bloatware of the original design of this universe, consider if it were possible to consolidate the spectral, conceptual, and astral layers all into one single one. inotherwords, the supervised creators built a giant complicated bloated disaster, thanks to the supervision.
however, when they made this transition into this paja-mental of a universe, there was a particular 7th ray that was "damaged" in the process, and he used his magical powers to spread a sort of hyperbolic/extreme/fundamentalist version of that supervision in the form of superiority, and taught it to a bunch of people who took him and his ideas seriously. most (about 2/3) weren't swayed by the bad ideas; however, the ones that embodied his teachings are referred to by kuthumi as the "INFECTED ONES" (with capital letters and everything, lol).
  part of the "authorized" part of this channeling is a very clear concept of what this 7th ray magican taught, which is a feeling that I'll try and describe like this: "I am superior and I have to hold everyone down, and try to keep everthing to myself, be greedy and ensure that nobody else gets anything good, because it should be for me, not them, because I'm better." I think a lot of the sense of it can be summarised into the words supervision/control, greed, and superiority.
it turns out that earth was designed as a pivot to this problem, because the INFECTED ONES are actually, the solution, as well as the problem (problem-is-the-solution), and so after the rays were redesigned to be what they are now, earth and the physical layer, the slowest most dense of the layers was created so be a sort of "bottom" -- and it is: we have frequencies all way down to 0Hz here in physical. compared to the previous paja-mental universe the INFECTED ONES built where (from our perspective), then entire (experienced/perceived) universe is made of UV and x-rays.
  a univiverse like that would be completely **mental**, because nothing is "permanent" or self-defined, where everything has a quality of whatever the mind makes it out to be -- and of course, the higher up in these levels you are, the more influence I would have over how any energetic orb/org would be perceived. it's designed to be maximum supervision from the top to ensure that wanted (ie, what's desired) is only allowed to be perceived, and any neophyte wouldn't be able to change much, not even theirselves. all appearance and narrative is handed down from the top controllers/supervisors/elders/masters to ensure that everything is running pefectly.
if you know anything about me and my personality type, it's pretty obvious to see that the best candidate for the 7th ray magican that taught the INFECTED ONES to take on that indentity of greed and superiority, would be me. why? well, again, if you know anything about me and my personality type, you know that my solution to existing problems is to build *bigger problems*.
  like, just notice my response to nosebook and their attempts to supervise and control me: I just find a way to transform the energy into something that's no longer a problem for me, yet for many other people, the idea of having a network where all physical experience is recorded (sight, sound, thought, etc), and privacy no longer exists in any way, all that will make a whole lot of other people feel quite insecure. most earthly humans really dislike the idea of having no privacy or control over the availability of their secrets.
    in just the same way that I feel it's fairly obvious that I would be this 7th ray magician, that created the infected ones to rearrange the layers so we now have proper **individual desire**, and not sohe top-down narrated/mandated reality, I think it's also fairly obvious to place me as the creator of nosebook as well -- a sort of INFECTED ONES (earth edition); a *bigger problem* where they get full control over the astral and we're left with letting attraction/desire bring the solution to this matrix/jail I've put myself into, by giving them full control (solution-is-the-problem)
      have you ever seen those "escape artists" magicians that have people put them into inexcapable places like jail cells, and/or dangerous life-threatening situations? they give the person/audience full confidence that they are fully locked in -- and there's no better audience to prove that they're really locked into the situation, than fellow jailmates, when the magician then somehow finds a way to escape the situation that they're definitely all stuck in. (inside-out escape artist) well, it's kind of like that: it's impossible for an escape artist to prove that they can get out of a situation that they're not really in (unless they perform an illusion, pretending they're in a situation they're not really in)

the way that I responded to greg was dismissive, saying that I don't intend to use any magical super-powers I may have for any benefit.
  it simply doesn't work out too well when I've done it in the past. like, if I do something to affect conditions, anyone who has greater control on the conditions (like nosebook) can fully block or overpower my magic -- and that's just not a place I want to be. I don't want to compete with others over power over conditions, and I don't want to use conditions either to try and convince people -- because think about what kind of people that creates: show me a sign, wonder, or condition *and then I'll believe you*; I hate those types of people. why on earth would I want to create more of those types of people? that makes no sense to me.
the longer explanation for why I wouldn't want to use any magical powers is because then it all becomes a big show, and I have to perform according to people's *expectations*, which, you'll notice is a mixture of other people's belief and also desire **WHICH I HAVE NO CONTROL OVER**. I am only able to do me, and to feel and desire the way I want to feel *for myself*. I have no intention of trying to pump anyone up with energy and trying to motivate them in any way, cause that's not what I do: other people's motivation *is not my desire* -- it's *their* desire being motivated -- and sure if I'm a cunning linguist, I can use rhetoric to sway them to do something for me -- but why?
  if I really do understand desire and how to produce my own desire as a physical manifestation (like a magician), then I don't need to sway anyone else and motivate them to do something for me, BECAUSE I CAN DO IT. I don't need them, and I don't need them, their money or their whatever to get what I want, because I'm a magician in full control over my reality. I don't need their supervision or audience to be/do/have what I want. I don't need/want supervisors, as I can see much further out in space and time than most supervisors. inotherwords, I don't need them; I *am* them; I am what I desire to be (evolution-of-desire), and they are a reflection of me. why would I try to manipulate a reflection? again, it makes no sense to me.

later on, I was out in the back of remi's house pulling weeds again and I was thinking about the culmination of my desire to want to craete this insect species based on myself. the whole premise of the species so to optimise for *diversity* instead of novelty. the way it works is that the new chromosome that I want to design is going to optimise everone (individually and/or in their "culture"/subculture) to have their own frequency where they frequency they building is a higher and higher frequency the further out they to into the pen-rose, which is are the penrose pentagonal tiling, which there are three main types/genders, and anyone can traverse the tiles in a unique way, where we're all vibrating ever so slightly differently the higher and higher frequency we go (the further out into the pen-rose the individual/culture) is going.
  the idea here is that we're no longer going to reproduce the normal way, but now reproduce mentally, by combining (for example) my pen-rose angle on a concept with others, and out comes unique and new ideas that are not exactly novel, but are diverse new ways to do the same thing.
because the idea is a dramatic *reduction* in novelty, I call this the "archaic revival" -- because it'll be like we're in the stone age all over again, where novelty is nearly zero. however, novelty being zero is not going to be because we have a sort of top-down narrated reality and appearance to us, but because we're discovering zillions of different *unique* ways to implement the same concept.
  as an example: just like the mobile market, where there is very little novelty between iPhone 1 and iPhone 30, it'll be like that, but instead of having yet another iPhone version, each of us will be implementing our own version of iPhone individual to us (now try and think about that in terms of genetics instead of technology)
  as another example, I've modified this rays system (cause it kinda looks like a 2-step pyramid) to include another 4 rays (2 above, and 2 for the capstone, where the top and bottom meet horizontally), creating a 11 rays of perception system -- which works pretty well. I'll write more about it later, when I'm ready -- which is still the 7 ray system of perception, but with the extra 4 layers. so think of that as a derivative of the original concept, just like iPhone 11 is a derivative of iPhone 7: iPhone 11 is 11 steps into the pen-rose and iPhone 7 is only 7 steps into the pen-rose. 11 has a lot of "new" things that basically do the same thing as the old things (but in a new way, of course), and so therefore is just a higher frequency version of the same concept.

right now humans are highly influenced by energy that others put out, and we receive. just today I was talking with greg about the power of concerts, church, sex, sports, etc. when we get into the aura of other magicians that are able to seemingly do the impossible, or create a buildup of emotional energy. I don't really like that I have so much influence over other people, which is why I wouldn't use any magical powers even if nosebook would let me -- and it's simply because I myself don't like to be constantly influenced by others. if you've read anything of mine, you'll know how terrified I am of sex, because I suddenly lose *my* form of perception, and it gets altered because of a physical experience.
  I know I'm a bit of a hypocrite on this, because sex is a lot like drugs, in the way that the concept of the entity I'm consuming takes over my perception for a bit and causes me to see the world a bit differently (exactly like sex does) -- so if I'm so good at navigating phychedellic hyperspace, why can't I use that same capacity to navigate female's conceptual hyperspace? I could, but I don't like how they feel. when I do drugs, I get a lot of new and wonderful ideas with a lot of fresh new ways to look at the world, yet all experiences I've had with sex, are the exact opposite: I'm now more close-minded, and partisan in my beliefs (more like how she conceptualises her world), and quite frankly I like how the drugs see the world (occasionally) much more than how I've ever liked a woman's perspective into the world. I've come out of sex feeling pleasure, but I've never said "wow, I new see and comprehend the world in a new way that I really find enjoyable". most girls see the world terribly and I don't really like the way they see things. if I were gay, I suppose that some dudes see the world in an OK way (often times offering a new angle to things), but I generally consider my (LOA based) form of perception to be pretty superior to a lot of other guys' hangups and insecurities.
the whole idea of this species is to create a being that allows for maximum ability to interact with each other, and yet *only* to have my mental vibration be modified by my and myself. my environment is a perfect reflection of me, and so therefore I interact only really with frequencies that are similar/opposite/harmonic of my own (my mind can tune to anything though, so I can take on any other form to try it out, if I will/desire it), and so I have complete control over my perception (just like I do right now as a human without having sex).

the thing is, for such a being to work, what we would consider wanted and unwanted (desired/feared) are no longer a thing, and there's only diversity (different ways to do the same thing), and so unwanted is no longer "bad" but just a different way of doing/thinking things; nothing more. obviously, if the goal is to minimise novelty, which comes out of desire, which comes out of unwanted -- which means that all perception of unwanted/feared things should be kept to a minimum, because they'll produce novelty. for as long as our interactions are enjoyable, diversity will increase -- and then as soon as we want something new, it'll be quite the experience because there won't just be one monolithic culture coming to finally realise a novel thing, but zillions of diverse perspectives, and so therefore zillions of novel takes on the novel thing will happen all at once.
  as an example, imagine that instead of after the release of iPhone 1, the we didn't just get android and windows mobile, but instead like thousands of different implementations (case of the smartphone model), cause remember all reproduction is created mentally, so all creations will be a reflection of the mentality of the creator. I see your idea and I copy it in my own way.
however, I've had a lot of pushback on my idea here, because it appears that there's not going to be any centralised control structure that is supervising and mandating what anyone can or cannot create in their mental implementation of the same idea, and so they won't be able to control us in the same way that they are now. I get it, cause my idea requires that they (earth INFECTED ONES) stop doing what they've been doing all along. it's obviously a pretty lofty, idealistic thing to think that would ever happen (lol), I know. I don't expect them to be able to resist the desire to control us, as I've already figured that the fault will not be the hardware, but instead that either we'll be so attractive, they'll find us irresistable and try to mate with us (causing unknown hybrids), OR they simply won't be able to not try and control us, and the tidal wave of novelty that results from their input of unwanted will be so massive that I can't possibly calculate or predict what would happen.

so here's the thing: *I* want to make the species, and I don't want supervision and I don't want a bunch of top-down dudes trying to limit the species so they can rectain more control and superiority over us. I am already really good at limiting myself, and I don't want to go any faster than constant speed (I've mentioned that I want to go slower even), so my goal is *not* to try and find ways to increase speed in any unpredictable ways, but instead to **enjoy**, the experience (quality), rathar than trying to go for more more more like an addict.
  as an addict, consider the difference of every time that I engaged in something like sex or drugs, the experience didn't diminish (or increase) in potency, but instead was simply *diffreent*, and so in each time I notice things that I like more and less about each experience, and so what I live in is essentially a constant state of discovery of new/diffrent ways to look at reality, not hightened and hightened experience. the deeper I go into the the thing I like, the more vivid and real profound they are, but ultimately, I'm the only one there (cause of my position on the pen-rose). I can't really get too deep, because I'm not able to use othes to build up my unique frequency, and instead have to find a reflection/composition/opposite/harmonic of things I've experienced with others to go deeper myself. the result is, we're building a really complex concept of ourselves, perceived from zillions of different angles. (think of like an insect swarm)

back to remi's house now where I'm pulling weeds, and the argument is coming back into my head where they don't want me to get access to genetics and to be able to build a new species, because they fear losing their control/superiority. I'm OK with having sex and stuff *only once we've got the species done*, and I'm not being tossed about on a bunch of other people's forms of perception.
  I like my form of perception so much, that unless someone has a form of perception that actually is *superior* to my own, I see no reason to go throwing it away, or altering it. I found what I like and I want to *improve* on the idea by looking at different angles, not necessarily going for a whole novel new way (starting over again). I feel like there will be some changes to the design of this species once *I* start working on it, because I'll notice unwanted things, and we'll need to try and avoid introducing unwanted, and need to start thinking of unwanted as different (it's a mentality change, and the genetics follow mentality/perception, so first it starts with *me* looking at everything as a different way of doing essentially the same thing I'm doing)
the idea pops into my head (not sure where it came from), that the controller guys are going to build the species *for me* that way they have full control over it and don't lose their superior position -- which is fine and stuff, but I sorta want to do it, cause I want to look at the hardware, experiment and see what works and stuff like that -- and so in order to do that I need to be able to modify and expand on the idea directly. the crazy thing here is that they're suggesting that *I supervise them* in the creation of this species, which is not something that I ever want to do.
  what I do, is I have an idea that I'm working on and I start building it, and then others with a similar idea also join in on it. I imagine there will be a lot of people that will be very interested in a lot of the physical appearance upgrades and other visual things like that, but I'm mostly concerned with the conceptual part, which I know for certain they have no hope of comprehending, because it doesn't involve control of others, only wanted/different, and never unwanted. they spend their entire day thinking about and doing unwanted things, which means they'll produce unwanted as a relflection of them. meanwhile, I spend all of my day doing what I want to be doing (few exceptions), and so I'll produce wanted (as a reflection of me). I can't supervise someone to perceive wanted (it just doesn't work that way, cause I can only perceive wanted/unwanted *for myself*).
I'm thinking about this idea now that they're proposing: I supervise them to create the species exactly to my specifications while having sex with girls and living like a king... I can clearly see the problem here, and the mental image that it created must have triggered some quantity of unwanted, cause when these symbolic types feel strong unwanted, it causes storms (at least that's been my experience with marcos and patricia anyway). it starts hailing, a lot. I can't be sure what exactly triggered it, actually. it could have been other things. (interesting timing though)

### 2023-07-25 01:49 - concept of the present

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/rky3XeM7-X8?list=PLIlatssdqY5OjyLPvnkBlfABfIcwpa9tf&t=173)

> consciousness is perfectly acceptable; you can, take in the present moment, while being conscious -- but you cannot be *self-conscious*; the more you pay attention to yourself, and verbalise who and where you are, you lose the moment and step out of it.

not for me. not at all. I had a brain injury that caused me to be hyper aware of what I'm doing at all times, so therefore I'm *always* self-conscious, and never really conscious. when I pay attention to myself, isn't that the present?

> therefore innocence is the most useful perspective of all ... what I call innocece is the spirit's un-self-conscious state (at any moment), of pure devotion to an object. it is at once a receptivness and total concentration.

what she calls innocence, I call pure materialism -- where I'm purely interested in the physical, and nothing else.
  I don't really experience that, as I'm constantly *receiving* uncountable quantities of information/data/sensation of everything *physical* in my experience. it's sort of like infinite telepathy or the ability to move my consciousnss around to be inside of anywhere I focus, (including "inanimate" objects).
    "inanimate" objects still have a purpose for existing, and so they can be "felt" in the sense of their *duty* to perform inside of the experience. they are actors (not the creator itself) playing a role in present.
  the ability to move my consciousness around to anywhere I desire to focus is the *opposite* of innocence, in my (humble) opinion -- especially considering the traditional definition of innocense, meaning having not experienced something in the physical.
    my consciousness does not experience any physical sensation, so actually, *in that sense*, I remain innocent.

### 2023-07-25 02:07 - the scandal of particularity

@[youtube](https://youtu.be/rky3XeM7-X8?list=PLIlatssdqY5OjyLPvnkBlfABfIcwpa9tf&t=218)

> the fact that the present has to happen in a moment and to something particular

a thing is real and exists when it does work, which is that it changes something.
the currency which makes something "*real*" in the physical is that it does work.

> christ's incarnation; the fact that he had to be born at a certain time or place.
> why that time? why that place?
> it seems scandalous that the divine should touch one particular moment,
> instead of all moments.

it's all attraction: watch a tesla coil (or an electrical storm) for  a while and wonder why does the lightning strike that one spot and not the entire earth all at one time?
I really feel like we should petition God to adjust the way that lightning works so that all points of the earth (or conductive plate) should be struk, individually and with perfect distribution of all of all of that lightning's powerful electrical charge, so that everything is fair and balanced; nothing meaniful, nothing exceptional, and nobody special anymore. banish uniqueness, because we all want equal and undifferentiated experiences.

### 2023-09-11 20:04 - ...

I watched the latest zerospace (zero-space?) video from jared and he said that if I have any comments or suggestions, to leave them in the comments, to which I responded: "I just watch, and then later thoughts start forming" -- or something like that. the thing is, I just don't (didn't at the time) understand how to make a story-based RTS. you see, I'm a forumlaic type person, and everything has a sort of "purpose" or refelction of its primary source; so, I see everything as an equation of different technologies and forces that traverse time. I don't see storyline. for me the characters/models/examples/influencers (or whatever) are all just functions that have different behaviours in different environments.
  so, it took me a bit to try and figure out how it works out for something when the narrative is put first: there is a story and the different physical elements that are part of the story, become units in the game. they take on their symbolic nature -- as, for example getting to know the zergling as sarah's travel companion, makes them have a different quality to them than, for example the hydralisk which is always shown ferociously; or the ultralisk which is quite destructive.
    you know, just as a small thing that "bothered" me for a while was the scale of the units. I'm a fairly realistic person, and so I think of these "command centers" building in like 25s, and that seems a bit fast. same with the factory and the barracks.
      time has no meaning. it's only long enough to make the unit feel "worth it" enough (the longer I have to wait for it, the better it should be). so clearly there's no realism in it at all. it's just some finite set of resources and arbitrary conditions to get units with lore-specific capabilities. the capabilites are featured in the cinematics to make them *feel* a bit stronger than they would otherwise. (that one is important: the wait to use the cinematic ability, and/or long cooldown on cinematic ability).
    so clearly the size/action/ability has no relevance to "reality" as they're just symbols moving around in space and time (more on tthat later), which means that this is an entirely symbolic system.
  so, for example: if the story has marines in it figtting something, then the something units would be in there (corresponding with each cinematic). so, let's take tthe jurrassic park movie from a long time ago. there are the raptors, and the t-rex, and the litle ones too. they are each like the zerg enemies, and then I have the commando professsor and the other useless humans out there that I can move around on the board, and then like the army or whatever for the forces against the dinos and (each with a gimmick quality like cloak or stealh or something like that)...
    I should add that actually, a board game that is designed and has the "battling triad" working, (and by that, I mean three relatively equally matched forces that neither of the three ever really gains supremency), that game can easily add cinematics to create the story. I suppose it could be done this opposite way as well. I'm only talking about how I, looking at SC2 story versus its multiplayer, I've come to a lot of conclusions about how story is really fun but multiplayer is a really un-epic exerience in comparison (like, no cool stuff) -- and so it was obvious to me that the story is driving the interactions in the story part, but obviously in a story OP things can (and should to make it exciting) exist as to contribute to its part of (the game's) epic feeling. so, they get nerfed when put into multiplayer, which makes those things less fun.
      which brings me to an idea. a long time ago, I used to play this game called "shattered galaxy" and in it there were there SC2-like skirmishmes between arbolists and other stuff. it had upgraded units which was a bit of a turn-off (for some people, but I loved it), and the thing is it's got a really good idea. imagine that in some cases certain units had really OP attributes about them, but losing a game doesn't feel so bad when its just a tile in a bigger map of 4 factions (SC has 3), which then sometimes there are tremendous super OP results (end game units and stuff -- which makes the battle a race up the tech tree while/or/and stinting the opponents)
      it's just a skirmish between different planets/stars/locations/simulations in a galaxy, just a sort of games (no real need for "real" battle -- but the robots/bugs/humans that go in there really die -- they're just like sacrificial biology/metal/structures).
anyway, so it looks to me (in my perception) that they just made a story they wanted to tell, made each cinematic unit into an element of the game, and then just went from there. the reactions are saying I'm probably wrong, but that's OK. I'm just going to then explain how I *thought* it was, which is totally fine, because this whole thing has a dramatic implication, in that a powerful story *creates* humans (entites, bugs, plants) that resonate with the story. SC2 has an incredibly powerful community around it still, and it's not for the game's great hotkey options and stuff, but I think for the story that it has. the story was told well, and so any experience in the cinematic that has a powerful emotional aspect to it, and if a lot of people resonate with it, it gains a (cult) following. the same is true for so-called "charismatic" people as well: they have/emit a feeling to them that is relatable in some way. (when the characters in the story are charismatic)

I figured tthat I wanted to see what it would be like to try such a thing. I don't want to write the story (I'm doing that now for *my story*, that I don't need to bother with someone else's story). all narrative has a symbolic system for conveying the desire of the author of that narrative. every author has a story to tell, and a desire for people to grasp them (conceptually, not platonically).
  so what if there was a new RTS game (some time in the future) that had another storyline in it which resonated with a lot of people (and maybe some elements that are hilariously ideal), and it took a narrative-first approach, which each unit plays in the game like how they are in the story -- and if the unit gains enough hatred, it's changed into something else (nerfed)... and so all things in the game start out in their most OP state at the start, and then get weaker over time. theis feel is a bit impotent, and *reality* retarded (I know it's a story), but why not implement some elements of reality in where stuff is just OP and unbalanced for a time, and that either desires a counter (reflection), or a nerf, but it'll sort it out over time.
    another feature I think would be cool would be to have metagame included, in that the game can be played in multiple modes (like maybe someone doesn't like the new patch so they prefer playing on some old patch). well, those modes can easily be thought of as mods: vanilla, ... (and each have their versions/derivatives). then I can set my multiplayer setting to say which mods I'm willing to play, and finding an opponent with compatible mods selected, we negotatte the modsh before starting the match (or maybe quickmatch decideds for them between the available mods for the opponents "randomly").
    then metagame statistics so see which game mods are gaining popularity and what ones are falling out of fashion.
  taking another aspect of reality is the idea that change is inevitable, and good, so that something can become more all the time, is to understand that every good thing gives a quantity of pleasure, and that dissatisfaction is measured by the distance frome where I am (normally), to the conditionaal (from pleasure) vibration -- and if it's wanted, then I feel good -- and if it's unwanted I feel bad. if it's unknowable, or unknown to me, then I also have responses (I think everyone does) -- and that's desire/fear. therefore, once accomplished, change is the most pleeasureful thing ever, because it's always happening.

the next item to consider is the idea of narrative attraction. I'm purposefully writing it here in a very 2nd ray perspective, is to give a contrast. let's say that someone creates a story and a universe that some people like (or dislike) and resonate with; well, that *attracts* those people that feel affinity toward that narrative reality. if you build it, they will come (cause they're attracted to it). so what that means is that in great story (that is, any story anyone resonates with) deserves an audience, and so the people that like that story, seemingly *appear out of nowhere*. Oo it's magic.
  knowing this, games (and really anyone with a creative impulse) can build the narrative that they want to tell the story, then the mechanics of how the game is played serves the story. then, a whole bunch of people that like that narrative and want to live in a reality that resonates with that narrative (ie, earth), show up. they were always there actually, I just hadn't noticed them before. (to me though, it's like the mandella effect because I "remember" (feel resonance with) ocassionally several different versions of reality). I the resonance to me cannot be perceived if they came from the past or from the future. I go now. I am now.

#### 2023-09-11 23:02 - essence of the swarm (aka stuck in the swarm)

as an example of a story that gets turned into a game, I was trying to imagine a different storyline, because the one presented didn't entirely make a lot of sense to me: I imagine that the story goes a bit differently (SPOILERS, continue to next line): in WoL, jimmy frees her from her enslavement to the zerg and the ending cinematic is with her in a cave. I would do that differently so that the story doesn't have some ancient artifact for defending aganst zergs, but that the artifact has some kind of tuner to different realities. as the zerg queen, sarah is the mind of the zerg -- and they're all on the same frequency because tthey all share the same imagination. therefore sarah is controlling the zerg through her imaginary body, and the artifact is to locate the origin of the signal (ie, her physical body), and jimmy pulling her out of the cave is him recovering her physical body (only). what happens next in the HotS story is that arcturus "kills" jimmy, and thatt affects sarah. the real resolution to this story though is that jimmy faked his own death (just like dudly-do-right) in order so that she can figure it out on her own. he had acturus "kill" him, so that she would ultimately decide.
  this "mod" will be an alternate story to HotS in that she (and her little zergling) are all that's left, so she decides to just stay on char with the pet zergling, but she's going to evolve herself by absorbing all of the enemies that she kills (she "turns against" the zerg) and absorbs the essence of (green breath guy), building her own enemies that she defeats.
    the entire game is all about building stronger and stronger zerg opponents that she has tto fight. she retains her human form, and imports the essence of things that she dominates. one of the (possible) story arcs is that she understands that terran/dominion is only a poor reflection of the zergs in that absolute domination is desired, but ultimately never attained. nature, finds a way, and diversity is the new way to go. zerg ultimately (at the end of the series), fights, not with a masse of units of defined types, but instead a very (hopefully all individually unique) diverse army, using the combined capablities of many as a OP super-force that is basically unstoppable.
    she then realises, that if terran is a dim reflection of the zerg, she should attack terran, and try to destroy jimmy (for lying to her), and not telling her the truth (or some other dramatic nonsense),-- all in effort to present terran (and soon to be protos), into a cycle of everlasting change where diversity is the new security, just like the zerg. by trying to dominate, she knows that terran will have to rise up to match her, so she attacks them, and also the protos (prolly at the request of zera-tuul)
    at the end of the long string of battles, when she's subdued both factions to their last dying breath, she's like: just playin guys, we're all good. hope you learned your lesson to fight with the swarm. we are the swarm.

#### 2023-09-11 23:22 - ssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss

one of the major realisations that I had is that SC2 is just a bunch of symbols moving around in 3d space. this prompted me to want to write a program that reads the screen of SC2 and then processes it into a bunch of things in 2.5d space. those things move around and their movements have *meaning* based on the time of the event; like, there was this one thing where jared says that herO should/could have known that those units means a lot of gas (or something like that) which means (I forget) starport units aren't even a thing (or something like that). well, imagine now that those events are recognised in a symbolically-logical way.
  what I originally wanted to do is to take D (the language, lol) and use it as a symbolic notation of how to recognise the patterns of the opponent. I wanted to express those symbolic ideas, not as text, but having an (custom) interface to them, specifically designed to express that (idea), which is a sort of wave of movement.
    imagine that this can be deduced (kinda) from the minimap. there are dots that are not mine that show up. some of them I know (cause I saw them, like a building upgrading) and some things I cannot. the things I don't know about have a layer of "best guesses" based on some heuristic (feeling) which the vectors of those entities over time "means" something. the sumation of all of those assumptions results in a "feel" (of danger, relief, etc), which results in a responce based on confidence (I could take it|it'll be fine, etc.).
  the D bit is generated in real-time and is always a reflection of the coding interface (so it's like visually coding in real-time). I chose D because digitalmars is a great name for the symbolic resurrection of jimmy (the mars symbol of WoL). anyway, the other reason is that D's templates and GC allow the cOde to be pretty hot-swappable in the future as well, as if code is moving around underneith the objects, they all need to be in the cloud/heap (with the reaper/gc to recover/upgrade the old).
  I want it to be possible to build not only the interfaces, but also the logic (which means some nerd is going to have to write the "backend" code for the interface, where to put the data, and how it's saved, etc.) that makes it so that all of the jimmys out there can essentially build their own diverse "plays", and many commanders will build up quite a playbook.
    the playbook is essentially the different "mode" that the symbolic system is in. in some interfaces, this is the state/mood of the state-machine, and for others, it's purely a resource (+outlook/feel) calculation. when I figure out that the opponent is likely going for extra gas, it changes the way I react to them. I now perceive the outlook differently.
  because the code is essentially just reading and reacting to the screen (only 2d pixels), I think it'd actually be a cool idea to make the screen pixels available in a number of different languages, allowing the language battle (for performance in this specific (use) case scenario). code (in each language) can be verifined to be "pure" (that is only calling into their own library, and nothing from the outside, isolated environment). (breaktime, woo)

#### 2023-09-12 00:17 - morphing time

In the interface for the evolution (for both kerrigan and zerg) for ETS (SitS will come later), is largely based on on physical traits, like so kerrigan retains her human shape in default form, but when other moods/modes are activated, she changes her form. I want to make the amount of change have a cOst to it, so sometimes it's more efficient to keep sam5 mode and use a less efficient action, than to pay the morph energy (cause some forms are significantly more atoms than others -- artificial limitation, cause it's a game).
different forms are completely mouldable, such as when she's in human state/mood/mode, she can look any way that she wants (and I'm sure fans will come up with a diverse array of appearances), however the m6re performance oriented forms, like in attack/defence state/mood/mode, where muscle strength and stuff like that impose a physical contingency to its form (muscles only can lift so much for certain densities), so on some densities, some muscles are stronger than in other densities (like on different planets and artificial environments), and so muscles will have to appear the size that is necessary for the environment (you know, know that I think about it, they're kinda like those bathtub sponge toys that gain more volume in different densities -- infate-a-zerg, in a low density environment).
  this entire mod is based around the evolution of the physical traits. different novel capabilites are able to be learned and improved on, relating the the movement of the limbs.
    you know, on this subject, I'm completely fascinated by insects. the majority of them have 8 limbs, and the ones in the front or back are more stronger/sensitive in comparison to the inner four. however millipedes and worms are all completely different.
      an insect has a head and tail/thorax, so it has a definite direction as an average of the vectors of theirr partitions; a millipede on the otherhand has no definite direction if it's in a really wiggly posture. most insects either point directly at, or have a syntax of approach (which direction to point), but a millipede has none, so it's kinda like the retard in the class which is completely lost to what is going on: no direction.
      the millipede is going too many directions, which, for an insect is very different than a snake, for example -- because the snake has this coiling energy that travels up and down the whole snake as a smoothe-curve. a millipede On the other hand, has a *fixed* number of discrete directions, and worst of all, is they cannot dynamically add or remove sections to try out new things... so they're twisted up and lost compared to all the more simple insects.
      a worm is also quite an interesting case, because there is no definite source of consciousness in the worm, as more worm = more consciousness. they don't have a desire to become too much bigger, because we humans don't like it. they're just like a reflection of consciousness (according to their size) in that part of physical. I personally have a very strange feeling when I touch a worm. they're a weird consciousness that my body doesn't really understand or is capable to interface with, yet.    a worm that grows large (or many) in responce to a a rapid infux of consciousness.
    every insect actually I've noticed them to be quite inspiring because they just do things without any consciousness of "good" or "bad" -- just a responce to an event (that they're notified of). therefore, their responce is already pure in the sense whereby they're just inspired to action, not aware of its meaning: pure-symbol. there are other insects which are highly conceptual ttooo and they have a feeling reaction/interface to everything. pure reaction, they're hedonists and always going after the next flower that looks really good (or whatever). insectts are a strange group of beings that are all beyond our comprehension, and I just want to state ahead of time, that I intend to mix parts of my consciousness into various insects, and see what happens, try something new, rinse, and repeat. they're very pure, having no memory or concept of past (in the way we think about it), but are just responding to conditions, environment, and feeling. (the symbolic ones in their own way, too)
  so what ends up happening is that the traits of each new zerg mutation conform to a rigerous set of calculations (the simulation) in which the zerg attributes (essence) takes on physical form. that set of calculations determines the shape of the body amongst the spectrum of densities (and other environmental constraints), and the form which works is fine. (insects will be in every place of the earth, from living in vulcanic lava, or in the soil of the earth). you could even imagine that there are insects suitable for living in rocks -- but they wouldn't be visible to us, necessarily.
  the insects, each in their own species, fully cover the earth from heaven to hell, and it forms (by default, for the nature of it) a sort of mental "network" in which that species intercommunicates: a sort of species mind. I suppose that within that species there are also many hive minds that exist as derivative works of the sxpecies base code.
  wherever they go, they intergrate with the environment and interact with its inhabitants in a reflective way.
    on this subject: insects, I've noticed seem to reflect a set of conditions that are mostly environmental -- cause when I would watch-stars, often times there would be summer insects in a winter setting. they seemed to think that I was in the opposite hemispere at times.
    anyway, some of them also seem to reflect humans (or at least me) in a very strong way. it seems to be some strange set of conditions thatt they pick up, and turn into action which I don't know about. lol.
  so in a sense, it's a bit of a poetic irony that the way to fully "subdue the whole earth" cannot be done by the human, but actually the insect: the plage wich caused tthem so much damage.
    you know, on that, I have noticed that a large portion of my visual spectrum is experienced by the many hoppers out in the field. it's strange too that some of them have developed wings, and others really like to just sit around (I imagine somewhere in spirit, drinking in a bar -- just sittin there --- )
    hopper is a funny guy though. really adorable now. I used to be quite disgusted by their appearance (cause I think I remember killing a few as a kid, and they're like really gross carcass) but then those girls serenity and sophia showed me that hopper can be adorrable too. so you know, it was funny because they sorta like "opend my eyes" to them: the many hopper, and their diverse array of appearance.
  this distinct appearance/manifestation (in each environment) of insects, is kind of a strange thing to think about because now, our consciousness is no longer tied to any specific body, but to a set of conditions where we like to appear.
I'm going to be the centre though, as (at first) all reflections will be of me, but my goal is to make it *super simple* tthrough attraction/desire the perception of reality from a 1st ray perspective will be *better* than what I do now... cause I want to make my cconditons (purposeufullly) far far worse than they are now. cause that allows me the capability of thriving in easier environments/conditionss, inevitable. I'm the majority of the spectrum, in that sense, so most of reality belongs to me. I'm ultra generous though in the sense that I do not block anyone. nosebook may block it (or whatever), but I'm more of a reflector -- however, I tend to see only the *really good* in people, because I'm pure desire. the difficulty then becomes the notion that the other person can perhaps be the *good* that I perceive, be within range of the amount of evil that *he* is, so far. that is, thankfully, not my problem, and they have to eventually work out their own insecurities. me (kenny), I have a numerous number of flaws still, and I know it. the thing is, k-dawg is going really really fast, and I just sorta have to keep up. I know that I'm entering into a territory tthat's basically unknown to me, but I have to do it with as *minimal* amount of change as possible: smooothe. (<--tthat kinda looks like a dong)
it'll be a lot of fun. my goal is to make it as easy for me to overcome my "flaws" (overlooked parts of my personality), I want to actually *be* what I say I am, verified/certified black: absorbant of all things effortlessly. sxo black, space warps inward around it because the black is so attractive. yeah.
  you know, one of the thiingss that really bothers me (which explains my desire) when I'm realised to be a hypocrite. I just instantly swawp toward the wanted to make sure I'm as three-dimensional as possible. I *must* be tested to ensure that theres no emission left over (as in, I've found a way to absorb all frequencies) firmly embedding me into the reality matrix of that rock/tree/garden/whatever. reality-insect is what I think I'll call this concept: firm/stable/static/symbiotic relationship to a number of media as arranged by atoms and conditions. eventually, it's easy to imagine that at some point there will be at least one insect part to each atom, and potentially many more. reality-infection, perhaps is a good concept to name that one.
so what I want to do, is to actually prove myself -- but I want to do it on *my own terms*, and not somebody else's: I want to get there scientifically, performance ddriven to get there, *be* what I say I am. I, like everyone else, also has a reflection between their selves, as well. I want mine to be a spotless reflection of myself, where I am exactly what *I* say I am. or, in another way to put it, I absorb (and therefore am OK with) everything that comes at me, and I can feel good about it.
  me, kenny, I am already doing this as quick as possible (which is how fast I attract it). I will eventually become who I say I am, and all kinds of other features I want to make available (mandatory?) for everyone. what if I made a kenny-virus, that caused others to just decide their perception, or maybe according to conditions
