# new-setup

> the purest of desires, is epic tragedy

> epic tragedy, evokes the most and purest desires in the audience

over the last new days (2023-06-04 12:29), I've been thinking a lot about what it is exactly that I want to *do*, and so here's the game-plan: I've got the greatest tragedy possible in all of this universe planned out. check this out: I'll give over this respository and everything in it so that "authorised" versions can be created, for the visually stimulated, and "authorized" versions can be produced to validate its textual authenticity
  cause whatever was written down a long ttime ago, and is believed/looked in by many, has atrraction weight, and so therefore, one can simply *use* this literary energy, just simply by referencing or evoking the concept in one's own literary works
    I do this naturally, because so many things connect, it's hard *not* to see the symbolic similarities between some things.
  means that anyone with access to the "authorized" versions can use the text In a powerful way.
it is *desirable*, to many people to be left in the dark on something: they don't want to see the universe in such an expanding yet attracting kind of way, so they just want the story to tell them how all the pieces fit together. all of that nonsense to me, falls away so long as I keep perceiving further and further depth:
  you know, that if you were to isolate any single person on the planet, and make the scenery invisible, I see that the person has a glow of perception around them: the world that they see is illuminated as a reflection of them. when we see the same glow, and our perceptions don't give the same reasons/narration of how the pieces fit together, it creates conflict, cause anyone with a Y (see [enkidu-do](/enkidu-do.md)), has the "right way" that everything works out (according to their the-manual). anyone who has the-manual all figrured out (anyone with a Y), is constantly comparing their version with *perceived* reality, and trying to predict/explain why everything is the way it is.
therefore, if your the-manual is different than mine, we'll have massive conflicts cause of LOA.
  this is a pretty big problem for me, because I've noticed that my reality around certain very (physically/conceptually) attractive people, reality manifestts in very weird ways, and so I notice that some flubbs are desired to be hidden. I tend to manifest the irritating,annoying&peevish things that one could do
    it has to do with the expectations felt be someone with similar vibrations. for example, myself I exhibit a lot of vibrations that would be similar to a sales person, schmoozer, or nieve, or easily excitable about some new idea -- type person, but a lot of people have certain expectations of those frequencies, so they manifest in the form of "hey jaron, are you ready to start... [some sales jargon BS]" and then keep it up for a while -- because like a really sleazy sales person, I *LOVE* to find ways to sell useless stuff. it's one of my pet passions, so I feel like a sleezy sales person to a lot of people, and it creates interesting interactions I couldn't have planned.
      the reason for this is because I learned all of these qualities in my male role models when I was in spain -- but ultimately didn't like their implementation very much -- so I'm full spanish sleeze, but I do it differently than they would (though my vibration is the same)
    I ultimately find the best way to look at something, which turns out (for those watching me) I find good *actions*/implementations of a thing/concept that's considered unwanted/evil, which for me have nothing to do with action; I simply feel the way I want to feel and actions don't matter to me.
  so whatt ends up happening, is I start doing the imitations of the other guys better than them -- and most people don't really like to be "shown up" --
    but that's an attitude only a person that's not moving could have.
  so most people try to "hold me back" cause they feel some sort of jealusy/hatred/envy that I can do the imitation of them and feel better about literally everything -- and all their effort in trying to hold someone else back (or steer their car, they're only holding theirself back: everything, they don't want for me, they don't want for theirselves)
therefore, what I want to do is to enable them full control to steer my vehicle: like, I will live out the most "tragic" tragedy ever (it's my one opportunity, and I just *have* to do it -- it's such a good story because nobody in my place would ever pick a tragedy, because they think symbolically), and in everyone that sees that as tragedy, emits the purest form of desire in response saying, "man, I would have done that differently" -- well here's everyone's chance.
  for me, all of this is just me showing off how great it is to be feeling the way I want to feel, that tragedy isn't even apparent; let me explain: tragedy is just a misinterpretation (translation) of the symbols, into concept (and then later physical), and the way that something *feels* (physically) is related to the brain's astral/conceptal structures as perceived in the physical body. the way a tragedy *feels* (conceptually) is the most abstract pure, "zero-point" energy that one can possibly have.
    yes, so the saturnian symbolic perspective runs entirely on tragedy (and other misinterpretations of vibration, like "romance" and "word-play"). so whenever someone is using that "zero-point" energy percepction, it's founded on tragedy to get its energy: because its haighest most energetic concepts are these purely abstract/lofty ideas/ideals that can *never* be instantiated into physical, but because the idea *feels* so good (conceptually, and possibly physically), we continue to try and make the impossible (*in 3d*) to happen.
      it's a very impossible to reach goal, much like the desire inside of women to find on the outside what is inside of them (but not expressed because of destructive interference) --
      so, like all centres, I want to stay in one place and to move effortlessly (that is, everything is perceived as relative to me), so that means that I want to be as "zero-point" (tragic) as possible: the most tragic of concepts, are the highest of frequency ones: the ones that can never find a physical implementation, but they feel so good, so we want the manifestation of this (impossible) thing really bad: the purest of vibrations.

### 2023-06-06 04:55 - I *want* to do the tragedy

when waking up this morning, I started out with a normalish dream (there were girls, but there wasn't any pressure to have sex) and then greg came and made a bunch of noise so that I was awoken from it. I fell back asleep and then this time the dream is all about sex. the first dream felt pretty OK (I don't remember it being especially good or bad), but the second dream was all about manipulation and trying to "foil" me with girls (like corrupting them with bad ideas and stuff first before sex). the second dream felt pretty terrible, and I really don't like the idea of sex att all.
  I just want to do the tragedy: no sex at all. we'll create all of the things, then after everything is built we can have sex and watch everything crumble.
I know that sex is the problem
  and actually my dream about building something with a girl while also having sex, is actually an unrealisable fantasy, because I would constantly lose my form of perception. the things that I want to create are a reflection of how I cOnceptualise the world (X), and every time that I have sex, I take on a new form of perception (a mix of hers and mine, with our common parts amplified) meaning that the parts of perception where we match, will get amplified (often things like security, and safety, and stuff like that -- cause I value those things too), and the stuff that's unique to my form of perception *doesn't* get amplified, meaning that the thing that I want to create is losing its amplitude in comparison to everything else we have in common.
because (for example) I *know* that if I had've been having sex all this time, I *would not* have been able to figure out the form of perception that I have now.
  the way that it works (pretty sure), is that girls (XX) have two forms of perception that are essentially 180(degrees) out of phase from each other. for the sake of example, I'm going to assume that the lower vibration stuff is all either bad ideas or things from the common everyday life (like what a square is and how a water flows, all the way up to bears are dangerous, and dogs are nice) -- so when a girl is born, most all of those low frequency vibrations are canceled out (she might retain some concepts more from her father/mother's side), and so all of her low frequency "intuitive" memory is gone, and all of the bad ideas are canceled out; the only thing remaining are the high frequency variations on those cconcepts: the ideals and very abstract (but not always physically implementable ideas).
  so, when she's new, she's seeing the world almost entirely in the form of ideals (which is why they're so nice to be around). the brain acts as a kind of symbolic Y (ground/actor/foil) between the two reflectors (X), and so the only major source of resistance she's experiencing is what's intruduced by the brain. over time, and the way that she grows up, her brain (and environment) are her only source of contrast, and her X's will eventually come to be pretty similar (integrating her father's (different) X-perception into her mother's)
  however, when she has sex, now the brain isn't the only source of contrast anymore, as her father's X will be pretty severely mangled, and she'll see things much more similar tto how her partner sees things -- which then she'll eventually go about integrating those new things into her mother's and her brain's.. however
the problem is that for a woman, because both of the X cancel each other out, she'll *never* improve on any bad ideas, because to get the bad ideas to go away in her body, her brain needs to get the X with those bad ideas missing to have the bad ideas again (so they cancel each other out again).
  the other significant problem for women is that, having sex with a guy that doesn't have bad ideas, gives him the bad ideas, and also activates them for herself too because they're not getting canceled out anymore. therefore, (unless her brain is quick to remove the bad idea from her mother's X), she'll fly off into oblivion thinking that her world has ended, because her mother's X is manifesting all of these *important* things (bad ideas) to be concerned/worried about.

I'm tired of building up a decent concept of reality, only to have sex with someone and find that she suddenly turns into all of the concepts that I no longer perceive/see/notice (thanks for brining them back), which is honestly kinda embarrassing for her, because she doesn't know how she went from someone really great to someone with a lot of problems in so short of time, when she found a decent guy; cause for me what ends up happening is at the same time, I end up also with the same problems: overnight, I go from someone that sees the world one way, to (after the good-feeling glow wears off) getting angry and frustrated and upset at things that don't normally upset me... and the worst part about it is, that no matter how much I improve my perspective, I'm doomed to get it destroyed in a sexual encounter.
  I thought about this a bit, and I suppose that given enough time I think that given enough girls with enough bad ideas, some part of me (Y?) must eventually find a way to transcend the bad ideas that I'm given and rebuild my conceptual perception from some other way (symbolic?) -- soo, let's just say that it is the Y that will eventually improve to see through all of their nonsense -- then I don't know how it would go actually: would the concept generated by my big-picture get so loud, or would I simply learn to ignore the conceptual perception of the X? (unfinished, cause I dunno)
because of the way the genes work, it sorts behooves girls to stick to dudes that retain a form of perception very similar to her mom's, so she doesn't turn into an undesirable person to be around.
  when thinking about this from a genetics standpoint. the goal of a woman is to find a guy that has perception similar to her mother's, *and* also to continually improve her physical attraction, because her conceptual attraction is going to
    unless she's using her brain, and not consuming the mainstream media's reinforcement of bad ideas like "I'm worthless", "everyone is prettier than me", etc.
  keep pushing more and more dudes like me away. the only way she can ever feel content, is to have everyone in the world see like her mom does (which I completely reject), and have material things to keep her happy.

what I'm saying is, why waste my time fighting an unbeatable foe: there are so many women in the world, it's just impossible to get them to change; it's far easier just to not have sex, and let them figure out how to fix their problem.
  plus, there's this opportunity for a really great tragedy here: just imagine, we go all of this time doing all of this great stuff together, and then the minute it gets physical, it all falls apart.
    the way that it appears to me that they're trying to cover it all up by ensuring that relationships are physical from the beginning. what's the problem with having a non-physical relationship beforehand? if it falls apart, then the problem is the physical/sex aspect of the relationship, and since that's what everyone wants, we havve to keep the unwanted (but fairly obvious) side-effects to remain hidden away.
  the opposite to the tragedy, would be to, instead of letting everything fall apart, just fix the problem: like, why don't we just keep things non-physical until we fix the sex problems (outlined above), then we can have sex. *at the very least, we should have a conversation about it* and then decide what we want to do.

(IMO) our three options are: (no sex) tragedy, (no sex) fix (then sex), or (with sex) tragedy. I prefer the no sex tragedy more, because it creates the purest of desire, meaning that next iteration, there will be more incentive to fix this.
  I'm not against sex; it's just that sex has felt pretty consistently bad to me, and I want to find a way to make it (conceptually/emotionally) feel good, and maybe physically better too, because I've not been that impressed, honestly.