# romantic-critisim

### 2023-10-06 17:23 - the problem with virginity

the last few days, I've had a lot of internal dialogue around the subject of romance and things like that (even a few dreams). I'd like tto just talk about how I find romance to be pretty deplorable. I know a Lot of people like it, so I'll probably gore a sacral cow somewhere. one of the things that I noticed today was how problematic the virgins ... let me just explain my life story here (this is turning out to be quite the intro, +'m noticing here): I first started out in a freeway brothel, from there a good couple of prostitutes (how many, I'm not entirely sure, but I estimate around 10-15 -- which could be very very off because most of those nights I was blackout-drunk, so I don't really remember). I moved to the canary islands, and I met bea. she was quite nice, and I figure she was probably a virgin. I neither had any real experience either, being so drunk esssentially all of the previous moments, minus the first roadside danceing place.
  really quickly, about that: it was a very bizarre experience. we had just packed up and started to head back to madrid from marbella; a place with a lot Of rich and well-to-do people. prior to this whole thing I came from a relatively sheltered home, and partying and sex is entirely inconcievable to me, so I was having a very difficult time adjusting. I would study the people in the discos to try and figure out what they were doing, but I just simply didn't really understand party life too well. there was an austrailian woman there named susana. she was (looking back on it now) prolly pretty loose. anyway, she totally changed my perspective on things entirely because she hooked up with (what I would consider) the least appealing guy (borja I think). at that time I found him to be pretty detestable. he would say all these really nice Things, but later on in private his story  of the same thing would sound pretty macho and sexist (machista as raquel called it). I felt a strong attraction to her, so I felt very much conflicted inside around this whole, going to the disco drinking a lot of alcohol, and trying to find really cool guys to tell me nice things. I didn't really understand it.
    interestingly enough, borja was later one of the guys that kinda "helped" me with this predicament, because he (while being a two-faced liar), was also quite honest, so (especially with the bros) he had a lot of sincerity to him (pablo as well) -- and he would always say that "a prostitue is the most honest relationship that you'll ever have" -- which when he first told me that, I didn't really understand, because mom and pretty much all the women I was around were quite honest (or seemingly so), and it was the men who always had an asymmetrical ouput with other people. that quote, that prostitutes are the most honest relationship I'll ever have, haunted me and stuck in my head.
    later on, I realised the "truth" of it.
  anyway, they must have been bothered by my strange behaviour, and obvious discomfort with the whole party-sex life, and they must have decided that they wanted to ... I dunno what they wanted, but they must have thought that I really wanted to have sex, but didn't know how to get it (or something like that)
    it's actually quite possible that is what they were thinking -- because now let me explain from my perspective: I felt tremendous attraction from what I would have otherwise considered "party skank" (or something like that). I couldn't understand it because I'd grown up m/ whole life thinking that I should by looking for a pure and spotless christian bride (or something like that) -- and the reality is, I didn't really know what I wanted, and completely honestly I pretty much assumed that I would die a virgin -- simply because I had so many ideas about electricity and cool things I wanted to make, that I found myself even considering the idea (I read tesla's autobiography very young (cartwright house in the library) and wanted to be like him). I had come to spain to create a social network, and I was quite serious about it.
    at any rate, they probably did think that I did want to have sex -- but for me sex was synonymous with marriage, and for me I considered tthat I should be looking for girls that I want to marry, so I essentially had it in my mind that I would not be finding anyone I want to have a long-term relationship with, in a bar or place like that. I had no cOmprehension of waht it would be like to just come to a place, do drugs and find someone to share my body with for the rest of the night. completely incomprehensible. sex would be only with someone that I was considering to spend the rest of my life with -- and definitely not a brief engagement of ~30m with someone +'ve never known for no longer than maybe 5m.
  they decided to stop at this roadside place ... I don't really remember because I think I was asleep, and their stopping in this place either woke me up, or pulled me out of my imagination.
    even though I'd had my pinecone taken out, I still very much had an internal world where I could edit code (though not see it), and it would compile just like the real thing; I'm not sure how it worked, but I could compile D in my head, and it behaved the same as if I'd typed the same code in my computer. it was pretty cool. anyway, that all was about to change in 30m from now.
  I remember a lot of pink lights and I knew we were going into a sex place somewhere on the side of the freeway. we walk in and they order drinks (I think I drank vodka somethings back then) and there's a live sex show: like this one like supermodel guy and like this superm6del woman having sex.
    you know, since then I've always wondered about that place, because both the man and the woman were very attractive. even the prostitute I ended up with later was extremely hot. I remember her being like this supermodel from like ukraine or one of the eastern parts of russia, or maybe even russia herself. she had an accent from some slavic-like country and was (I remember) pretty attractive. I've been in a whole lot of sex clubs since then and never seen any place That came close to the awesomeness of that place. the whole thing seemed even kind of dreamlike and surreal.
  after felix offered me drinks and I drank it as quickly as possible (I think some part of me realised what was coming -- because I didn't really fight it), you know to kinda loosen up -- because I found it a lot easier to talk and interact with people a little bit drunk. I went with it, selected the one that I found the most attractive, and she took me to this very conveniently (located next-door) "hotel" with half-hourly rates (lol). I seemed very surprised by this, and I might have even asked her about it. I was clearly clueless and the alcohol was starting to come up pretty quickly, and she obviously knew.
  upon entering the room, she asked me if I wanted to, and I gave my final thoughts to the idea, resolving within myself, "OK, sure let's see what all the hubub is all about" -- and then the experience to be not really at all pleasurable -- just kinda like a strange rubbing -- I remember she had somewhat of pubic hair like about my beard 5-6h after taking a shower -- barely noticeable, but in this experience, I'd be weird for me to have felt facial hair between my legs; a completely novel sensation. I don't really remember it being that good feeling or anything like that -- but just like on that one movie "pleasantville" my eyes were opened and I saw the world in a completely flat way. now everyone looked like really intense 2d cartoons, just like the movie stars on the movies felt -- and immediately I felt like I'd become a part Of a story; a sort of adventure, where now everyone had this magical look and aspect to their facial expressions that made them look like cartoon characters (not from colour and shading, but with the extreme of the facial expressions, their motion, their cadance, etc.) it was a really magical time the whole rest of the night till I went to sleep again, and persisted to a lesser extent for a few days afterward.
    I hadn't really realised that I'd lost my ability to program in my head, and also my ability to feel other people's thoughts completely changed as well. previously, I would hear their thoughts as the pure thought that it was, and now I've got all of these different competing ideas based on the facial expression they had, or how the moved their arm -- or whatever -- all of these different symbolic things that would help me interpret what they "really" meant (something I learned later on is very much a part of spanish (and probably american, but I hadn't noticed previously) culture).
    if I had to enumerate all of the things that were my "loss of purity" -- the conceptual aspect being turned into the symbolic, is the iconic "loss of purity" -- because, I lost my sense of how things really feel, and now I have a sense of how they feel becausee of the way they *appear*. as an example, I was shocked that this guy That I previously detested his behaviour (borja), now I found myself studying him, and trying to figure out his "character". a lot more people were like that too, rupert is antoher that comes to mind -- and it was really weird how I found all of these "bad-guys" to now be fascinating. what fascinated me, wasn't the way they felt (because my concept of them doesn't feel good at all), but their symbolic presence (as presented by them) was interesting.
    I don't know how I feel about my plunge into symbol and narrative in the spanish world, because -- I think if I'd have been in enland, ireland, scotland, basque country, france, russia or italy my percption of "romance" would have been very different from what it is today. I was very intrigued for a bit about shakespere because I found his version of romance to be quite --- I don't really like it very much, and it's very strange.it's very impractical.
      ok very quickly on that: I'm of the idea that this dudly-do-right guy had a lot of influence on shakespere's works, as I notice that there are a lot of his real-life stories being retold in a new (tragic or comedic) way. it was his sort of way of figuring out how life works. I'm the same exact way ,but Idon't write romance. I instead write here, and it's the same thing that shakespere, and nico-maco, and da-vinci -- and a whole lot of these other rennaissance guys. they're really basic guys just like me, just figuring out their world...
        just as a funny reminder, there's this one episode of the-tick with the mother-of-invention and these time somethings (bandits?). anyway, not those guys, but some of them, probably.
      so now when we combine shakespere and nico-maco (most notably the-prince), these guys are trying to figure out what exactly is "the ideal" -- and many others have done this before, but these guys are taking it from both angles: comedy and tragedy or the-prince or (that play with the the girls that are all the same -- don't remember it). some try and figure out only the utopia, or only the dystopia, but these guys are trying to unify the binary system by figuring out the "ideal" from the perspective of comedy, tragedy, misfortune, unfortunate events, unfair events, character types that meat the matches for these characters as defined in "the prince and the plays".
      as another comparison to make is, if we compare dudly-do-right (along with elizabeth and vere, and admirals' men) along with nico-maco; there again is another pair who are inline (as their actions speak) with their narrative; or ad odds with Their own narrative. I personally have this interesting necessity to *B* the thing that I idealise: both of the extremes. I'm the worst bad-guy or the best good-guy: both extremes simultaneously. I must *B* what *I AM*.
    at any rate, it was quite a unique experience being in spain, because my opinion of them is that they're all very much like I am (in so many ways), but they live in this language that holds them into paying a lot of attention to how things *appear*, instead of being a realist on it. ironically (or not), the way that I got myself out of all of this "loss of purity" (which I think is pretty common in romance-languages/concepts/ideas) *is* to become a purist. reality only for me por favor.
  wow, long intro...
so anyway, as I was in the canary islands now and the whole social network thing had fallen through, I started thinking about preparing to live in spain for the rest of my life, recover and start on the next big idea that inevitably pops into my head (I still hadn't realised how much of a dramatic effect all the prostitues and vulgar conversation had on my ability to translate conepts into symbol), I was looking to start to try and figure out how to do that. I was still pretty timid in both speaking spanish and also relating to people (I still find them to be space aliens mostly, though now I understand them) I only knew how to relate to dani and his friends, and we hung out and drank alcohol and listened to music mostly -- and thank goodness the bars in la laguna were not the big discotecas that zaryn liked to go to (though kike as a substitute for zaryn materialised pretty rapidly (first few days, if I remember)) so I decided to go up to the bars with dani and stuff. it was pretty cool. I saw this girl many times when I was up in la laguna and felt strong attraction to her. dani urging that I just go for the fun of it ("hit it and quit it" style) and decided that I should try and figure out how to start doing this -- you know, so why not figure out how to hang out on the beach with my girlfriend like everyone else does (in marbella and stuff) -- so I set it out as I goal that I would figure out how to do this. the problem is, I'm mostly a mirror towards a girl (cept for my symbolic "protection") so when I would be all pumped up to figure this thing out, and I'd see her and be excited but then I would suddenly get very timid when I realised I'd have to *actually* walk up to her --
  because I was under a lot of this sorta macho super bro ideas that I picked up from borja, felix, zaryn, etc. that I shouldn't ever reveal that I actually like any girl that I want to have sex with -- right -- like keep that hidden -- but I cannot really do that. I AM always how I AM -- and so it was only with the aid of alcohol that I could begin to disguise who I *really* AM. I felt like I couldn't really reveal to her that I actually liked her. I probably could have, and should have but I didn't.
  what I think happened is likely what I'm going to in the next section talk about when it comes to romance. we both had very strange ideas on what it means to like each other -- and a lot of that is conditioned in by these romance ideas. a popular trope in romance for the "romantic" male is this viscious need to compete with everyone around, as if there's this idea that the world is getting smaller and smaller. (after all, a play could have 10-50 people in it, and it is, itself its only tiny world of 10-50 people -- a sort of village). I don't see the world that way, at all -- and that's largely because I didn't know about romance until just a year or so ago. I read compiler manuals, not shakespere. I don't care to compete with people, at all.
    if anyother guy walks out walks out (of the discoteca) with the pretty girl, I don't care -- cept on alcohol -- because I get symbolically connected to others with a similar symbolic structure, and then they kinda steer my world in something weird -- which I'm recognising only recently (by recognising the patterns), that the whole thing (that I live) is this giant narrative structure built up from these previous types like shakespere and nico-maco, who, like me followed some of their "evil" ideas through and encoded it into a symbolic structure. I'm kind of a reflection of that, but once I got through to perceive the desire (some say the motive or purpose -- but I feel that's inferior to the law of attraction. every law needs a lawyer, and in some ways I feel like I'm one of them. I present the idea, others present the evidence, and a case is made on the vertude of that/this law.
I don't honestly remember because I prolly blacked out -- because there is this time missing -- and that happened a lot in spain where I seemingly lost consciousness to allow my desire (or fear) to manifest, and many people say this blackout-drunk/unconscious kenny is pretty cool or congenial. I think he even does magic tricks and can fly and stuff -- he's like my unconscious me, I guess. I came back to consciousness in the street with bea, and I had no idea what I'm doing or what's happening or anything like that. bea didn't really either, and we were pretty good mirrors of each other. we were both very timid and also unsure of what was happenining. it was a very strange thing to interact with someone like that. bea was extremely nice, and I liked her a lot, and like I said, her insecurities were probably a reflection of my own, so it's difficult to say for sure -- but our main difficulty was communication -- because neither of us (for the reasons mentioned above) were able to actually ask for what we wanted, and allow myself to like her (or vice versa) -- which I *blame* on these silly symbolic romantic ideas/ideals that made our expectations (that is, our desire mixed with our symbolic structure/belief of what's *supposed* to happen) -- and the problem that these stories are not an instruction manual at all -- because they're skipping over all the mundane (but very necessary stuff). fortunately, I had the ability to lose conscious for a bit so that my alter ego could find a way to make my desire actually happen -- so he was able to bridge the gap between me and the next narrative scene -- which is nice for me (I guess), because I can just "lose myself" for a bit, to get on to the next bit.

the problem with virginigy, is when it's lost: the sexual act (because of desire/attraction) takes a person's symbolic structure and has it "battle" with the other persons structure. and so this creates a massive change in how a person feels. it completely changes their conceptual structure to be essentially the the narratives combined. sometimes that produces a child -- and so (for me at least) it strongly amplifes the thoughts and feelings that I had going in to the event, plus all of the narrative theat I/we have in desire form.
  as I said before, there are a lot of incosistiencies between both sides' narrative, because like I said, I had no idea that I wanted to compete. when I grew up I had weird friends, one guy we liked to lay in the hammock together (I don't remember feeling any attraction to/from him, either) --- and we just made up stories to each other -- like we'd ask "OK, now you're in ... what do you do?" and put each other in these weird scenarios. I realise that would be perceived by some as perhaps "permiscuous", but I didn't think anything of it -- however, for example that may have a whole different implication. maybe she had a friend like that, or was looking for a friend like that -- who knows -- either way we met under the conditions of the bar, and my narrative is that she's someone that I won't get married to, and so therefore this has to be a short-lived or one night fling. like, everyone's narratives mix, but I'm not the way that so many of these girls thought I was, and when they lost their virginity to me, they had to prove their narrative as right -- and my narrative was (essentially) there is a symgbolic way to programatically encode anything anyone wants. I had no ideas of AI or anything like that, and I'm a stable (stuck), "never changing" robot that's now stuck in this narrative world -- which is a lot like programming, but very different; and wha you'll see, is that every relationship since has been a sort of "proving myself/the-narrative (or the expected outcome) to be right".

narrative builds expectation which then I believe, and so because I believe it, then it's true, and if it's true, then that's the way the action will play out. I just have to build the expectation that most closely represents reality. the reality for me is not one of action, but of feeling. I have a strong desire to feel the way that I want to feel, and not in the physical sense, but in the conceptual sense. the problem with so many symbolic narratives is that they can't/don't feel the way they're *supposed* to feel. our suppositions are directly linked to our expectations, but notice hew expectations feels a bit more desire that suppostions does; I suppose and I should even less desire still -- and further down into loathe, self-hate and all sorts of things like that. the amount of desire I can see in a thing (like is it expectation, obvious, supposed, should, must, has to be, never -- all have an element of desire), those narratives mix and they create the reality necessary to *PROVE *I AM* RIGHT*. hey, my name is right, nice to meet you, is what comes next, and after that another aspect of right will show up and confirm I'm right, and evermore. all of those rights that pass through my life are to ensure that I'm right about them all. that's a 2nd ray perspective, through and through. I present my case here from a 2nd ray perspective, but I want to remind everyone that pure-desire is like infinite desire: pure-attraction (two faces of many of this desire thing). he/she/it manifests everywhere, all the time, and it's what we call "physical" reality. real terrible stuff. why dream it, when you can live it? that's all for now
