# slow-farewell

### 2023-11-09 07:01 - not much to say anymore

I want to write because I love writing here. it feels really nice to get my thoughts out and feel others' reactions to them as well, but I'm sorta running out of things to say now. I really enjoyed writing to robyn, and I'll admit, that's about as far out as I've ever been too, soo yes I do have even more far out ideas than that. it was also the most complete description I've ever given of my concept of time as well -- and to be completely honest, I feel like it's very incomplete too because greg interrupted me, and I went out to the shed to sit and think for a while which completely changed everything. I want to go back to finish the concept and get all the rest of the ideas out, because my concept of time, *is* actually provable -- but the technology to prove it remains a secret still. I'll probably revisit the idea in the future, but it's kinda difficult because (for example) when I started writing the first entry there, I could feel robyn's presence pretty strongly and I even mimiced some of her behaviour (like wanting to cover my bases on the ideas being opinion and not in my area of expertise), however, especially since then (cause I noticed it while writing it), that the strong sensation of the muse that I experience is no longer as strong as it used to be -- which means it's a whole lot *less fun* to write now.
    I really do like hearing myself talk to other people, because with each new person I talk to, I express the same concepts, but it comes out differently because I instinctively want to make what I'm saying as understandable to them as possible, so I route the concept through their consciousness.
        this actually reminds m5 a lot of the [last entry in snakey-thoughts](/snakey-thoughts.md#2023-10-18-0447---thoughts-on-300) where I talked about heather's presentation there. you see, I just tune into the person (by feeling/addressing them symbolically here) and then just route the concept through their symbolic system and also my brain which is also a symbolic system, so the result is an amalgamation of my concept getting modified by their symbolic system (the one heather is talking about), but then interpretted/channeled/translated by my brain. I'm essentially channeling my idea through their consciousness system, which is what a lot of sales people do, even though they may not know it. my ability to receive the idea is only my tuning capability (and yes, I suppose I could try this on heather in a future entry)
    however, what I really miss though is the feeling of desire to hear my response. their desire to hear (often their own) ideas channeled through my interpretation of their symbolic "understanding" of reality, is what I (and others) enjoy listening to. for me, it's the diversity in hearing the same concept in new ways which produces new ideas for me to think about, because -- (in all honesty) I'm usually saying an idea that they're simply not capable of hearing/receiving theirselves, which often makes people upset, because I'm just taking their ideas and telling them their own ideas -- so that *I* can hear them -- but because it sounds like me saying their ideas and not them, they often ttimes get frustrated that .... I don't know how to describe that feeling: it's like when someone gets to a good idea before you/I do, and they/I want to be the first (or recognised) with that idea, so I feel something like jealousy, protection, or resistance to them having an idea they/I thought of.
        anyway, what they don't understand that all I do is simply copy and improve on ideas at a much faster rate than other people do, so what it's all about actually, isn't *who* receives the idea *first*, but *who* can express the idea in a clearer and more understandable way, which is where I really shine. I've paid a lot of attention to communication patterns (including sales and marketing), so I really have optimized the efficiency my delivery in a way that makes what I say (I think) more and more understandable to others; in practicality though, unless I'm talking about mundane stuff, I'm mostly unintelligible to others, which is why I work at it so much, because even though *I* think I'm communicating more and more clearly, almost certainly, others would disagree with me entirely. I'm aware of my generous flaw and I'm constantly trying to improve --
            however, I really feel "stuck in a rut" because I don't really talk to anyone anymore. for whatever reason, nosebook (or someone) really doesn't want me to talk to others a whole lot, because I simply cannot get a conversation with anyone anymore about anything other than the mundane, so my improvements in comunnication patterns have really slowed down a lot in the last few years. I really did enjoy spain where I could just go to a bar and (after some chitchat and a few beers) start talking about whatever I wanted to talk about. it was actually there where I learned the skill, because I found out that I would say the same concept differently (in spanish) depending to whom I was talking to, yet when I was by myself, I always expressed the same concept the same way in spanish. I learned a lot from marcos even though he sometimes got pretty upset with my desire to try and figure out things that shouldn't be figured out (zaryn and daniels as well, but they were in english). during that time, I gained a tremendous increase in vocabulary and symbolic "routes" that a cOncept can take to express itself (in any language).
        however, I just don't see it improving in any way, anytime soon, and if you really want my opinion on that, I think my main resistance to the girls thing entirely had a lot to do with that. back at that time, it really felt to me like nosebook's efforts to try and stick me with girls was to keep me away from talking about cOncepts which only adults can understand.
            when first moved to spain, I felt very limited in what I could talk about because none of the english speakers would listen to my crazy ideas like chris did, and even though a lot of the spanish speakers did want to listen to my crazy ideas, there was a huge language barrier that didn't allow for my concepts to actually be understood too well. I tried sometimes with luke, but he (along with zaryn and rupert) felt largely turned off by anything that wasn't too materialistic, so I talked with luke mostly about code, and saved m/ thoughts on reality for others. (the one exception to that though was patricia, which I really liked talking to, but I couldn't put the concepts into words because I hadn't learned how yet, and also language barriers) I really stagnated in spain because of the lack of communication, and so when I got to the states and found myself no longer around anyone else that wants to hear any of my ideas, I've turned to writing, mostly for m/ own benefit.
    however, now that I'm not really feeling so much of anyone's desire to write anymore, I suppose it's possible to say that I'm slowly dying or something. to illustrate, in the previous years, I would often watch a youtube video (or listen to a podcast) and then make a bunch of comments on all of the stuff that they're saying -- because I often can see the same concept they're emitting, from a much higher frequenCy, which enables me to see often times some things that they've missed, because they've got that symbolic layer covering over the concept/desire/emotion, tinting it with the symbolic/narrative crap that society has taught us since we're born. as an example, if the bible says that someone made a meal, we would just assume that it would be something like today, unless thinking about it and really visualising it (usually incorrectly), to get the sense that meals were prepared thousands of years ago quite differently than they are now. we take so much of our everyday life process for granted, we even think that other people on the other side of the world have the same symbolic system that they preceive reality though (the wool on the eyes), and it's just now true. we all see things very diffreently, and I like to illustrate other people's concepts through *my* symbolic system, which has a lot less "needing for things to be my (right) way (for them to be real)". my symbolic system is (IMO) superior to others in every sense of the word, however superior isn't the right way forward, as all ways that have worked are also right. no symbolic system is *ever* going to be a complete solution to all things (I call those "super-symbols"), because a symbolic system is (by definition), specific to something, and not generic. as an example, the solution to all symbolic problems, is energy; yet, energy cannot really be expressed symbolically; it's like describing a sound with words. there's going to be a significant reduction in fidelity -- and even if I wrote a program that could produce a very high quality sound, it's limited by its output device.
what I'm kinda saying, actually is that writing (and even speech/words) isn't really a medium that's very suitable to me anymore. my ability to express desire has been strongly limited by the symbolic system that it's expressed through, and I'm noticing that cOnversation (in general) just isn't working anymore. I'm beginning to explore programming again, because I want to build a new editor -- in which the characters are no longer limited to the keys on the keyboard, and the symbols neither need to be only letters either: imagine for a moment that I could write [ ] and that symbol there (like an emoji) is a whole concept which is essentailly a meme -- and I want to write like that because I'm tired of writing the same thing over and over again. I think it'd be fun to turn it into a communication medium, like a social platform, but for now the goal is only to write code more efficiently. therefore, as I start to transition into a new way of expressing myself (cause words and letters only isn't working), I'll be writing less and less. I just don't feel much inspiration to writing anymore. until I can get feedback on my ideas, I've said pretty much everything I want to say now, so there's no real point in repeating myself.
    there is some merit to my new editor (and potentially communication medium) idea as well, because it'll be a symbolic representation of my concept of time, built out of ideas -- so it's a pretty good reflection of me.
eventually, in order to keep expanding, I need feedback on my ideas, but the communication medium is quite important, because I've presented some of my life ideas on places like twitter and facebook (affinity and tuenti, as well) and I really notice that I won't be getting any quality of brainpower going into the response, than what people are aready on in looking at the post before and after my own.
    it's like talking to jaron while he's playing "gems of war" or not; when he's playing, I get low effort answers, and when he's paying attention to me, I get more quality answers. games (or the TV/youtube/twitter/facebook) "tints" a person's perception, such that the responce is pretty similar to the content present in their communication medium.
until then, my writing will probably get slower and slower, and hopefully (if I'm able to do it write), it'll spell the end of time and history. fare thee well, until then.
