# snakey-thoughts

### 2023-10-18 04:47 - thoughts on #300

as an intro, I have slightly different names for some of the things she says, so Ill define myself: her "akashic records" is just the outside-in (symbolic) perspective of the spectral (+-4) in my system (it's the lens we look into the earth and also into someone else's "records" or symbolic/logical structure/system). it's all non-visible, so the mind translates these vibrations into experiences that can be felt with the 5 senses (and 2 more wbich I don't have a name for). I don't see anything visually and I rarely get anything visceral anymore, so I don't have any of the experiences that she's talking about in quite the same way. I experience everything she's talking about *without* the visceral/visual, so for me it's all happening in a very intuitive/knowing/resonance way (kinda like singing or talking under inspiration). what I found interesting about her is I too am sorta like a conscious channel (still grounded in physical), but my conceptual approach, makes it so that I don't have to be specific about my wording or rules when interacting with someone;  and, I've found that the wording (ex. "best and highest good") is something that visual people need to do to *imagine* what those symbols/words mean so that they *feel* them. I feel them directly. as an example, let's say the practitioner just got off a phone call, and they were talking to someone about something other than the highest and greatest good (something like a compromise/tradeoff, pros and cons, or an undeniable/unavoidable "reality" of a situation), whell that'll carry over into the session -- and so when she's specifically invoking the words, "best and highest good", she's tuning *herself* to see/receive that kind of information. for me, it's not strictly necessary to use those words exactly, because all I have to do is to feel (or want) that I'm receiving someone's greatest/highest/best good for them (which is way faster than having to say the whole spell every time). my emotional state is where my reception is at (it's the filter in front of the lens, as she said)... that said, for me it's all a reception process, so my ability to receive (and the thoughts/symbols that will appear all resonate with my emotional state). so I'd like to write down a few thoughts/observations on her presentation. I'm hoping it'll give a contrast to his viseral/visual (outside-in lens) style compared to my emotional/conceptual (inside-out lens) style. we're extremely complementary and I love how she takes you guys through all of the things.

- regarding inputting programming into someone else's records, I can guarantee you that anyone who tries to input malicious code into someone else's symbolic/emotional mind (cause the physical one has been kept busy), is only hurting theirselves. the akashic/source/spectral records/plane, is like a mirror, and in it my body/consciousness is same as theirs and anything I "do" to them, I'm also "doing" to myself.
  - let's assume that I get into the mind of someone else, (it's easy and I don't need permission because I'm low enough resistance and my interface is emotional/conceptual, so they can't block me), and I start to put ideas/narratives into their head that they should expect this/that or the other thing to happen; well, I'm the one casting the spell, and because their conscious mind is asleep (just like during sleep), the waveform is very flat (not much activity), and the less activity it has, the more it's a mirror to myself. the malicious ones (if there are any -- cause they're only fighting their own beliefs) would actually only be able to be somewhat successful if they keep the conscious mind engaged into something pretty desirable (like nice visceral nature or sex or something), and it's that physical/visual symbolic aspect that produces the good-feeling emotions, which hides the bad-feeling reaction that their conscious mind would normally feel from the suggestions/expectations that's being programmed (activated and reinforced) in. suggestions/expectations are some part desire, and some part belief, so the "malicious" practitioner is attracting the malicious stuff on theirselves.
  - if the patient perceives that something malicious has happened, it's always going to be their own perception, and not the practitioner. I also wouldn't expect the "malicious" practitioners to last too long, as their creating many as many problems for theirselves as they are for their victims. they would need an incredible budget/media capacity to be able to physically hold their own attracted malice away from theirself for any length of time.
  - the elephant in the room here are large beaurocracies and institutions, which (IMO) only exist because they're *actually* part of everyones best and highest *intention* to become individualised, an entity to theirself, fully self-identified and defined. the malicious programmers will have no effect anymore on someone fully self-identified like that (like agent smith on neo)
- regarding "do I want to move to toledo" being a not very good question, vs "is moving to toledo going to support my life goals and happiness"... well, personally I always ask the first question, because I find the second one to be pretty problematic. I call the first question, the "is it what I *really* want", and the second, "is it what I *think* I want" question (ie, pure-desire vs calculated-desire) -- because I've found that the first question may not get the instant results my calculated-desire may be looking for, often the first question could be perceived to have lower performance/success in my calculated/symbolic mind; however, ultimately those calculated-desires are kind of like small traps or detours that take me away from the pure-desire/direct/shortest/fastest path -- which are actually all just fine because it's all about having fun along the journey, anyway; not getting to the destination as quick as possible. often times the greatest rewards require the most personal character change in me to be able to even allow them, and so if I were to have gotten caught up on all the detours along the way, I wouldn't know what I know now.
  - me personally, I like to attain the knowledge/understanding *first* before getting the manifestation, because I'm so used to foiling myself by not actually knowing what I want or believing the narrative about what I think I should want. ----- so yeah, it is weird that the shortest/fastest/best way is also the one with the most capacity for wanted -- though after a lot of character development, because now the manifestation comes in clearly now as a reflection of me: perfection, no distortion; a perfect channel of all that's wanted/desired into physical/reality.
- the onion is the layers of the unconscious programming/beliefs that we see/perceive the world out of: stacks and stacks of dirty lenses that we we see the world through, and everyone else sees me through.
  - I consider/relate the onion to be the symbolic/visual aspect of perception (beliefs and experiences/traumas/programming/anchoring put them there), but the potato is the emotional/conceptual/feeling mind. it's much more cloudlike, and doesn't have such well-defined shapes/purposes, but is more cloud-like, with everything having a related intution/movement/rhythm to it.
- regarding the part where she says that instead of sending her etheric (imaginary) body out into the ethers and letting her mouth move (like a channeler in a trance), she has a remote internet cOnnection allowing her to be preseent in the body, fully grounded... the way that I experience this is that what she's calling the etheric body is what I call the imagination or astral (6), which is going to fully take over all of the physical senses, like an open-eyes vision in an emotionally charged enough encounter -- and when that happens, my imagination is interpretting the concepts in their "records" (ie, their conceptual vibration) and turning that into something symboically meaningful (to me) in the form of physically/visibly tangible objects (sometimes appearing in 3d space) which can affect any of her/my physical senses in a dramatic way. from my conceptual body's perspective, I'm literally inside of their body (I don't need symbolic permission if I just tune to them), and I'm having their experience as just the same as they're having it (but with the trianguation of my perception, it's beneficial for both). but, like she says, it's a strong experience (depeding on how much resistance I have), and the emotional/intentional effects that I'm feeling/having in my body will also happen in her body, as well, normally producing visuals and everything. what heather has done, is (like on a powerful ayahuasca experience), she's just learned to not let (her perception of) the other person's emotional/conceptual state/vibration fully take over all of her 5 senses, allowing her to move around freely between worlds (cause neither is so captivating/enticing that it takes her full attention) she's essentially able to control how much of the conceptual atmosphere in which she's in is viscerally/visually manifesting into her symbolic/physical experience.
  - regarding this further: I claim that satan/saturn/dumuzi is the (narrated name for the) one that's kind of like in charge of this source/akashic records for anyone, and that his job is to make sure that everything is balanced and properly accessed (so he's not really "bad" -- but is kind of like king of "the opposition" -- ie, the devil). the devil/satan/saturn does not want someone to access their christ/solar (centre of the head) consciousness above him, without having acquired the emotional capacity (found in the solar-plexus/gut), in order to be able to see everything as expansive: the imagination shrinks/confines the emotion/concept into a physical/symbolic form, spectral/akashic is a reflection and has to be balanced/tempered, cause everything I do in the akashic record (helping or harming), I'm also doing to myself, and solar/relational consciousness is seeing how everything fits together, and everthing is always becoming more/better/good (so very expasnsive). I like to think of the imagination is good vs evil. spectral is evil balancing good (redemption,healing,etc) and solar/relational is only good -- and that's simply because solar perception is *MUCH MUCH* further in both time and space -- so, *at scale*, everything (the whole) is actually becoming something greater than it is in a previous state.
- regarding the aura and the protective bubble: I'm a person that (before I lost my pinecone) saw auras quite easily, and I can still "see" them today, but without the pinecone (the interal mind's eye), I still perceive them -- just without the colour and movement which gives the aura meaning; instead now I feel/receive the emotion/concept that directly relates to what their trauma/emotional/conceptual blockage is. I am, like one of those sponges that she was talking about, someone who absorbs everything around me, and I too have had to find a way to *discern* what's my emotion/concept I'm feeling/absorbing and what is other people's or environment's (like corporate office is different than bank, which is different than home, and different than garden/woods -- for example).
  - that process of learning to discern what is mine and what is not mine, is simple in that the stuff that *feels* like it's mine (or produces any sensation/reaction in me, in any way), is something that *resonates* with me, and so even if it's not exactly mine, I'm still receptive to it.
  - my experience is that building a barrier or bubble to protect me, doesn't actually protect me (no matter how clean it may be) -- and actually, to be honest, the cleaner my bubble is, the more disastrous the next time a symbolic entity (like a thought) or emotion can penetrate my bubble (ie, resonates with me). so, I don't really worry so much on trying to constantly keep it clean -- but instead to not attract (resonate with) the dust in the first place -- and if it is dirty (it always is), then how quickly can I recover and get back to clean again. inotherwords, cleaning for me is a reactionary process, not an active process, because the active process is actually attracting more cleaning. (ever notice how the windshield or the car gets dirty really quickly after a wash -- yet others seem to be able to drive a car and it doesn't seem to get so dirty so quickly? I posit that it's the continual cleaning (and the enjoyment of it) that attracts situations which require more cleaning -- cause everyone loves the release/constrast that the clean gives in comparison tto the dirty.
    - my barrier or bubble is so large now, that it's probably at least the size of the earth, which means I absorb *all* things on earth: a super sponge. make it so that nothing can bother you, so you too can be one with the earth. for me, I don't need to have the golden rope, cause I'm already there already with the earth, so there's no way I could keep it clean. a lot of new kids are like me, and I would imagine that these super-sponge kids -- so my advise to them would be, "you're already connected, so notice the things/times that cause you to disconnect and change how you perceive those things/events/circumstances, and just get good at maintaining the connection" -- and of course, it'll take them a few times of losing the connection before they desire to get it back, which is OK (for me it was a car accident, a relationship, and a few other things that brought me to desire to keep that physical/earth connection). everyone has to desire for theirselves to keep that connection (it can't be taught). I have no control over how big my bubble is, and I imagine a lot of these really sensitive kids don't either; so, my advise is not to try and gain control over the bubble (the lens everyone else sees me through), but instead to focus on my perception (the lens that I see everyone else through), and not the lens everyone else sees me through (opinions abound). the good news is, all these kids will (eventually) figure out they have no control over the size of their bubble, and only on the clarity/resistance they're seeing outward/inward through, so it'll all work out eventually.
    - I'm not saying that bubble clearing/cleaning is bad, just that as sensitivity increases, clearing will need to be done more and more frequently that it becomes a nuisance, so in a sense the clearing process serves as good practise to notice what things feel good to absorb and what things don't. if it feels good, I'll let the mental/conceptual sequence play out for a while -- and if it feels bad, I sometimes let it play out a while so I can find the resonance with me, and fix my resonance. also, it depends on the person's definition of clearing -- but I imagine bubble cleaning (for some people) is like washing the car and then driving through the same muddy ditch a few hours later, and then wondering wth they find themselves needing another carwash so soon ("didn't I just go to the carwash?! it should still be clean!", they cry in oblivious agony, not realising they're the one that's attracted to driving the vehicle into the ditch).
- regarding hypnosis, I had a friend that did hypnotism on me, and because I don't have a mind's eye (pinecone), I just played along and told him what was at the top of the stairs, in the house, whatever (it was a lot like playing those role-playing games), but I never got into a trance or saw anything -- and just told them the next concept that popped into my mind. as this is happening, (in the first session I tried) I'm realsing that the stuff that I'm telling him (but can't actually see) are making tons of symbolic sense, and that every time he asked me what I saw, I revealed another symbolic aspect of how I see (not visually, more like perceive) some aspect of a trauma that had happened in my past. his sessions were incredibly eye-opening for me, and I went home the first day and said, "I can do that to myself" -- so I did. I cut out the different visual transitions like going up stairs or walking in the door to just the feeling aspect (going higher, or moving through a threshold/barrier), and can now (for almost everything) figure out what it is that is the "root" of the emotional perception is, without having to go through such a long visual experience.
  - though I'd mastered his skill after 3-4 sessions, I still continued on with the sessions, because when working with another person, I noticed he often times didn't go the way *I* would have gone (in my non-visual/conceptual journey), and it resulted in a lot of new/novel understanding about myself that I wouldn't have otherwise picked up had he have not taken me the way I wouldn't have thought to gone. we also became pretty good friends too, though I haven't seen him in a while (we live in different countries now). it was still quite enjoyable (for me at least) to let someone else take the narrator/navigator position and take me on a different journey than I would have gone -- and talk about someone being like a "plant" (or guide in my life), because next I also felt inspired to ask him if we could look inside of each others eyes for an extended period of time (15+ minutes), and that's how I figured out about the onion/lens thing -- and that experience helped me to figure out that we're all looking through our own lenses, and everyone sees me through my aura/lens as well. I have no idea what he saw looking into me or through my lens (cause I never asked), but I had gotten to the inner-most part of his onion, and I can now feel/"see" myself from his/my perspective (cause we were kind of like sharing a body/connection that I'd only previously ever experienced during sex) and the onion is very interesting because on the outer layers (let's say for example he thinks I'm frivelous or something, maybe a little deeper conceited/hawty or vain, but in the deepost part of the onion, *everyone* loves everyone else, and when I can feel the love for myself (by seeing from the inner onion), seems others are also able to see me and theirselves that way too). eye looking is anyway, those kinds of guided meditations/realisations/hypnosis are extremely beneficial, and I highly recommend. it's good to have friends that open to doing that kinda airy-fairy hippy stuff. (also btw, he's 30y and one day older than me, and cause I was born in california at 6am, and he in france (8h diff), it's possible we shared a similar birth hour, 30y differently. he definitely had a saturnian effect on me)
    - also, IMO eye-gazing is more powerful than hypnosis, and I get hypnotised all the time by people's eyes, becausE I immediately feel everything they have going on in their emotional being. it distracts me and keeps my conscious mind busy, as if I'm staring with my jaw open with awe and wonder at a movie (though I can't see anything). I know my eyes have a dramatic effect on others, so I wonder what it would be like for me to do a guided journey with someone where they look into my eyes, and I allow them access to the inner parts of my onion so they can see/feel their symbolic/self perspective from my inner-most core/divine/universal/centre being/consciousness. (I'm strongly reminded of the "world in my eyes" song by depeche mode, hehe). I'd love to try it some day with someone that's willing (it could be a pretty intense/pleasureful/scary ride though, depending on their emotional state, cause I can't control what they see, only how I feel).
- regarding astrology, I like to think of the planets and their positions in relation to each other, the earth, and the sun are sortof like a long never-ending musical arrangement; and when I'm born, I'm born "en media res" (in the middle of the song), and depending on where that song starts kinda sets the "tone" for one's life. that "tone" is what I call consider default symbolic behaviour programming: as an example, imagine a time, let's say way-way-back (around the time of the composition of the illiad), and humans had very little consciousness back then: a bunch of automatons running around completely subject to the whims of the "gods" (planets), and so you can imagine the brain is like a neural network with a number of different inputs which influence whether the brain/automaton will "decide" one way or another. the influence of the planet is an alignment of the planets' frequency to my DNA (which is why mainstream astrology still works), and those frequencies can peak certain impulses during different aligments between the planet and my DNA which correspond to all of the symbolic/action detail (as determined/predicted by astrology) which is encoded, thereby causing the planet to make one behaviour/action/decision more likely than another for the automaton. the amount of influence the planet will have is going to directly correlate to how much consciousness capability the person has to override the planet's influence on their decision-making process. tthe more conscious the person, the more they can defy their astrological influence; and by the same token (flip the coin over), the less resistance a person has, the more they're going to be astologically "in alignment" with the planets and stars inluences, because now a unfavourable alignment doesn't throw them off as much. so, for example a triple t-bone square alignment isn't gonna send them spinning, cause with less resistance, it's possible for three seemingly unrelated (or conflicting) things to kindof line up in a complementary way, which would (for others with high resistance) the resistance causes breakage, and so becomes a paradigm shattering alignment. the planets are like the musical flow to the solar system, and someone with low resistance (like the sun, which is the lowest resistance of us all), is going with the flow; yet someone with high resistance is resisting the flow, and so therefore is much more strongly affected, for both good and bad.
  - I'm quite sensitive to stars' and planets' energies, and I notice that with low resistance, all of the days are a total breeze, and then the astrologically aligned days (both the "bad" and "good" ones) are like accents for making those days particularly more notable -- not so much for me personally, because most things are already pretty smoothe, but in contrast/comparison to others in the world, which further highlights those alignments and making them more meaningful (or problematic) to/for others, thereby making them more meaningful to me, as well.
  - astrology is kinda like the conductor in the front flailing his arms around amplifying some sounds/tones and diminishing others (as he desires them to be), and even though the (celestial) orchestra doing all the work, the conductor is putting that editing/temporal emphasis/touch on the music before it reaches the audience's ears/reality/now.
- regarding karma and life lessons between incarnatons -- let's say that I crucified someone that was really awesome (we've all done it), then karma (while it can be seen a s an equalisation process), is really the attraction of every outwardly focused judgment on others, back on to myself -- so, at some point I'm going to find myself in a symbolically similar situation to the judgement that I put outwards, and now, I'm given the opportunity to figure out how I would react under that same symbolic situation where I'm now the one receiving the same judgement I gave to someone else. for most things, judgment is a neutral thing: that guy is a person; me too. or, that's a tree, and I have no problem with it being there. all things (including stuff in the akashic records) that produce an emotional responce, attract that same symbolic circumstances for the reactor/responder to experience a similar symbolic thing (cause it caused stronger emotional energy, I want more of it), and so to see that same symbolic situation from another perspective is the expansion of "time". therefore, karma can actually be looked at, not as punishment, but more like a hologram in the time crystals :)
- regarding uranus, I see/experience that planet as both feminine (though having a male facade), and represents the desires that one has. it also spins on its side, so is the most "out of alignment" of the planets, and influences the sun (which is desire made possible/opportunity in reality) quite considerably -- and so every 48/84y, uranus' north/south pole is facing the sun which has dramatic changes on the sun's output of actualising desires. on the personal scale though, let's say that I'm born when uranus is facing the sun and this is a particularly desirous time -- and as I get older, that wanes until 48y later, it's now facing away from the sun, and it feels to me like nothing is going the way I want it to go, and (mid-life crisis) and by the time it's finally going straight again, I'm 84yo, and I'm too old to let the desires become reality, so I decide that it's time to die (let go or depression, cause I'm sure I can't get what I want anymore).
- regarding planets and comets/asteroids: the way that I "see" them is like this: every concept/human/planet/star has a bright light inside of them somewhere (heart, head, whatever) and they're covered over with material to some degree or another (the sun sheds its skin continually, perpetually naked) all of the (12?) *stars* in our solar system have bright lights in them as well. these are (physically) dense hydrogen (meaning mostly non-physical/subatomic vibrations) at the core and that's the conceptual "centre" of every human and planet. for me comets/asteroids are just a piece of rock flying in space, and so the trail of water-ice (and other compounds) is produced by the voltage difference/potential between it and the sun. the rubbing of solar hydrogen/plasma creates enough friction/static potential to fuse/produce all sorts of minerals (C,O,etc -- especially water from adding hydrogen to oxygen), and so a comet is not producing its own output, but is just a producing as a result of frictioning with solar putput. their effect isn't so noticeable to me directly (though it modifies greatly solar output, something like a fly buzzing around a person's face can alter their mood). however, a proper planet/star/human has its own dense conceptual/physical presence centre which is outputting and so therefore has a corona/aura, which has an entirely different effect as the solar plasma passes over it. (inotherwords, I consider comets to have strong interaction with the sun (which has an effect on us), but it's the planets with the lights inside which are the ones that affect us the most, because they've got that conceptual aura around them, just like we do)
  - I have no idea if science has verified this or not, but there should be considerable amounts of hydrogen active and near to the major energy centres; and I would suspect that the heart (and probably the blood as well), has a higher quanitity of hydrogen in it, too. also, energy vortices (like chakras/sunspots) will also have flowing out of them much higher proton density (which is just monopolar hydrogen -- vibrating mass, different than vibrating potential), and (like the sun's corona) the human aura itself will have areas of higher ouptut where the aura is lower density (like coronal holes -- top of head for example). I also believe that within the human aura, anything modified mentally has an effect on hydrogen within that medium produced by the aura (spontaneous combustion, tongues of fire, etc) and that's actually the method which makes most "psi" and "esp" stuff work. consequently, I equate hydrogen with the spiritual/mental/conceptual realm (universe is mental), as hydrogen is the most simple physical form which attaches and and empowers so much stuff at a mollecular/cellular level (think about how hydrogen arragement (especially in connection with oxygen) can give different colour and attributes to carbon -- like sugar vs methane and other carbohydrates).
    - another quick thing about that: we have a water purifier that allows me to set the pH from pretty acidic to pretty base, and I drank acidic water for a week or so to see the effects. I had more energy in my emotional body (something like sugar for the digestive), but I didn't feel better at all, and I consistently felt "older". I didn't try focusing mental energy into the water before drinking it (maybe I'll try it), but then I noticed that when I switched to base, I didn't get the boost, and my body literally felt like it took longer to feel better (like going on a (no-sugar) fast for a while), but I could control the way I feel a lot better. what I've determined is that the body recognises the imbalance and produces more hydrogen, thereby imbuing the water (which is missing some hydrogen) with my mental hydrogen in my body. it seems to take ~30m for me to feel "normal" again after drinking alkaline water, but I prefer giving my body the task of producing hydrogen to equalise the imbalance, than to be drinking the whatever it was before that comes from splitting the water. after that, I became convinced and learned a lot about how water vibrates because of two opposing vibrations/concepts. I know the mind directs "energy" -- and so I'm finding that the common denominator in all of these mental/astrological effects, is hydrogen -- and there's a pretty big ball of it in the sky, so for me "energy" is related directly to cOncept (ie, hydrogen and its vibration).
fantastic interview! loved it so much! bye!
