# the-problem

here is where I'm going to outline what I believe is the major problem for humankind and myself. in short, the way present humans are created (as binary beings) allows for very little improvement. whenever any improvements are made, genetics seems to try and limit the improvement. I came to figure out this theory pondering what tesla was referring to in his "[last interview](https://neonnettle.com/features/842-the-nikola-tesla-interview-that-was-hidden-for-116-years-will-blow-your-mind)" when he stated that woman is the biggest thief of that [sexual/creative] energy[^tesla-quote]. I've wondered what he means by "thief of that energy" for a long time. I've also pondered the adam and eve story found in genesis, which sounds (to me) pretty apocalyptic. how can such an event which of being able to differentiate good from evil cause the end of the last ice age?

[tesla-quote]: "The knowledge of how the mental and vital energy transform into what we want and achieve control over all feelings. Hindus call it Kundalini Yoga. This knowledge can be learned, for what they need many years or is acquired by birth. The most of them I acquired by birth. They are in the closest connection with a sexual energy that is after the most widespread in the Universe. The woman is the biggest thief of that energy, and thus the spiritual power."

### 2023-06-18 15:14 - garden of eden thoughts

in the story of genesis, there are two trees. I take this story to be largely symbolic, so I adhere tto the idea that the two trees are essentially the binary nature of the human mind: two hemispheres; one having the ability to distinguiash the difference between two things (ie, conceptual/physical) and the other with a sort of resistance-free continuous (spectrum/gradient) look into things.
  for me, the right hemisphere is the "tree of life" and the left hemisphere is the "tree of the *knowledge/distinction* of/between good/evil". since my brain haemorrhage, I've had my tree of knowledge of good and evil extremely hightened, and further since the vallecas incident when nosebook took over my right hemisphere, I do not at all perceive the "tree of life" anymore. for most people (cept maybe if you're left-handed), the right hemisphere seems to be where the brain processes a lot of visual information, and so therefore is (probably) where the brain perceives the astral (6), spectral (4), and relational (2).
    I say that because the astral/spectral relational are all a blending of two primary rays: the astral is a blend of what you feel (the concepts present in the mind) manifest into physical/visual/audible/sensory format. likewise, the spectral is a blend of the symbolic and also the conceptual, etc. -- and this perspective which is a blend allows someone to see the continuousness of life, and that all things are a spectrum of sensations, allowing the person to see a broader perspective of things, which don't necessariliy fit into a certain box, category, name, or definition.
adam is told that he should name and define all of the things that are visible/experienced by him and to give them concepts: this must have been a very psychedellic experience for adam, having to differentiate and find the separation between one thing and another
  anyone having had a very intense DMT/shooms experience knows that when the brain has a lot of DMT in it, all things appear connected/related, and so when he's differentiating between these things, he's figuring out what makes the chair different than the floor, basically *by how it feels*
which is essentially how concepts work: imagine a soup of feeling/colour/sensation (much like a newborn experiences), and then your job is to begin to distinguish one thing from another -- and so you say "these frequencies are this colour/thing/object" ... and those are different things; you're essentially drawing boreders and making separations between things. the more separation that each concept gets from another, the easier it is to distinguish between them.
  I consider the garden of eden scenario to be essentially the same as my experiences returning back to physical after a very abstract/conceptual experience; cept, I have a lot of concepts to start with and rediscovering how reality works gets easier and easier each time.
what I actually believe is happening, is this "garden of eden" experience was the original "programming" of the X chromosome: it's learning to distinguish which frequencies are what kinds of animal, sound, physical sensation, etc. -- giving every subsequent adam/aryan a starting point for his new physical experience.
I actually believe that adam is the cause for the end of the last ice age, where the old symbolic Y-only system comes essentially to an end, and from the end of the ice age and onward, the *physical* earth can only be experienced through the reference perspective that comes with the X. this was our final descent/fall from astral (RH, blended) down into physical (LH, binary).
  since then, astral perception has become an off-limits thing (at least that's my experience anyway -- so maybe I'm adam). I experienced it a few times and it's considerably different from the binary "good vs evil" physical perception, as there are even extra dimensions and stuff. at any rate, I know that the ability to open up the ability to perceive the world through the "tree of life" (RH, astral) can be activated a number of different ways (sexual, creativity, kundalini, etc.), but those are conditions that I'm not really apart of. as such, (like adam) I've been kicked out of the garden of eden (lyra?), ensuring that I don't access that hemisphere anymore. in my case, I don't know if it's a punishment because of something I did sexually (because I got it with ayahuasca and the power of observation, not with kundalini/sex), but the result is the same: I've been banished from using that hemisphere of my brain, and have decided that the physical-only experience is *actually* what I want (more on that and insects in the future).

the way that I believe the end of the last ice age occurred is essentially through dissatisfaction, and that was accomplished through sex between adam and eve. to understand this, consider that men have one conceptual perspective (X), meanwhile women have two. the way that I experience the XX is that one of them is 180(degrees) out of phase from the other; frequentially speaking, they cancel each other out, and so then (for both men and women), the brain serves as a second/third source of conceptual perception out into the world. the DNA version provides a pre-installed conceptual perception passed from the father/mother down to the child, and I think on activation of kundalini, a lot of the brain's perception is overpowered by the genetic perception, and so a boy can (through the activation of kundalini) see the world like his father saw the world (or maybe (great) grandfather).
my theory is that when sex occurs, there is a large expulsion of frequency that harmonises with the X from both partners, and this is what enables reproduction, and also it can activate the body to enter into seeing things from the genetic X perspective.
  when orgasm happens, believe that the not out of phase X frequency is emitted strongly -- and so if the two coupled have compatible X's, then it'll strengthen both of their mother's perception in a very strong way, and it's this sexual/creative energy that activates the kundalini and turns the person over to high-frequency (in the zone) mode where one moves into the instinctual (encoded in genetics) form of perception.
  this, I believe is why the egyptians and other dynasties had a female bloodline that needed to be preserved, as it was important that *her mother* have the X chromosome that enables her son, the future king to have the proper (passed down through genetics) form of perception.
this genetic form of perception that comes from the original union of adam and eve is locked behind a number of different barricades -- flaming swords if you will, in order to activate it, and so not many people are perceiving the world through this tree of life (tibetan lamas, and other enlightened poets, actors, and musicians do, of course, along with *all* leaders and royalty), so it's a pretty privileged thing, where some "bloodlines" have some things encoded into that X perception and others don't.

the main event that occurs during sex, is that the emission of the two different X frequencies causes the extreme amplification of some things, and the cancelation/destruction of others.
  therefore, 2X see much diffrently than 1X does because the 2X sees all of the stuff that for men (during sex) gets canceled out; so that means that for girls that means she's seeing the canceled difference between her father's conceptual perception and her mother's. I don't really know what that means in practise, but it's probably why she insinctually *feels* more attracted to the stuff her father conceptualisese as important/attractive.
this meshing of two frequencies (is in my experience) pretty disastrous, and is more destructive the more powerful the experience is. it's very unlikely that I'll have the same perception as her mother does, and so often this results in me taking on a lot of both her and her mother's form of perception. I suddenly start feeling attracted (or noticing) to things that I wouldn't otherwise attract/notice.
  I don't know how this is for women, (my goal is to figure this out with real genetics), but for me, the sexual experience affects both my body's X and my mental X. I seem to have stabilised this to some degree by creating *something* which stabilises this. I consider it to be something like programming, so I don't know if it's my mind, conceptual programming (from a second physical X like a girl), or if it's symbolic programming -- or what. the way that I've figured out how to stabilise this is largely a mystery to me, because I'm not actually all that stable, and I want to become more stable. I'm highly affected and can strongly feel those around me. in that regard, I'm very feminine, and so consider myself to probably have a second X (somewhere). if it's in my genetics, I'd love to potentially make more, because it's like the difference between a single star, binary star, or star cluster.
I believe (though not sure) for women, when her X gets changed after sex, her mother's X is battling with her self/father/lover's X, and because her mother is *always right*, her mother has to find a way of *proving* that's the way things are (because it's like that, and that's the way it is).
  as such, because our conceptual perception is what amplifies/diminishes things, it's in charge of attracting the things that are quite noticeable. so for example, all the stuff that's important to her mom (and also her self/father/lover's X), will be highly attracted. she becomes a super attractor of all the stuff both sides are worried about, find important, and desire/fear.
for me, the same thing happens: (keep in mind, all of this happens when I'm around a woman for any length of time: the a trickle in person, but magnifed by thousands after sex) all the stuff that she perceives conceptually (though I've never had astral perception while with a girl, I cannot tell you if it happens otherwise) starts to become really important to me. like if she really thinks that some political thing is important, then it does, and what she thinks about (propina, for example) also becomes important, cept my brain (also an X) and my body fight against it, and my brain is in this battle between her, my mom and her mom (or something strange like that).
  I ignore most of it, and disregard the feelings, much the same as I disregard the plethora of reactions that I receive from nosebook, and instead just kinda stick to whatever my brain thinks/knows is right. the last thing that I want (and you'll see that we all lose the game if I do) is to see things the way that she sees things. most people haven't a clue what's going on, and little girls even less so. for me, if I were to have sex with a girl that's got very little experience in life (naive), then I'll be fighting between me (very strong binary perception of good vs evil, but also spectral -- not from the LH, tree of life, but because of *my* conceptual perception that allows for the perception of spectrums *and* borders (it's an improvement over the existing X)), and I *don't* want to return back to the garden of eden (thanks!) I prefer the way that I see things now, and don't want to return back to inability to perceive one thing from another (cept what mom thinks is important).
    you can imagine that this battle that I have between me and her form of perception is a huge "sore spot" between me and other women, simply because now it's battle of who's perception is dominant. for most men, they settle on their moms' (his and misses) being right/dominant,
      and if he's astral (RH) enabled, he's literally engulfed/surrounded by a mix of their (his/her mothers') conceptual form of perception made manifest into visible/audible/sensational (sensory) experience.
    and I just don't want to compete with them on what experience is the worthwhile one.
      I've proposed a zillion times now that I'd like to spend a good amount of time living/being with any future woman I'm to have a relationship with for an extended period of time so that our conceptual forms of perception can synchronise -- and if we don't, it'll be cataclysmic, because apparently I'm a lot like adam. we don't need to incite the maximum amount of discord between our perspectives, and instead can learn to see things in a similar manner. up until now, this simply has not been possible, as every single effort, seemingly *must* involve some kind of sex -- when *that's a very bad idea*, and I don't want it at all. we can learn to see things similarly without needing to cause physical problems.
        because such tremendous emphasis has been placed on me having sex, which I know will be disastrous, I've resorted to waiting until I/we have the technological capability to modify one of the girl's X to be similar to mine, so she's not battling my perception between two ancient witches' perception, and attracting destruction (in the form of everything I/she thinks is a really desirable/fearful) in a very strong way for anyone resonant with those things (they just have to think those things while she's around her).
        I realise that my X isn't that much better than most womens' X; the things that people think and feel (which I notice) become manifested pretty quickly around me, isn't 100% desirable (I'm aware) and so it's further incentive to continue to ensure that people around me are manifesting (more or less) the things that they want, before my form of perception takes over (or starts battling with the witches' X), cause all of those things will be manifested really really quickly.
      as such, I refuse to have sex until I can get this problem sorted. some might say, "why not just for the pleasure" -- but for me, the way that I see the world now is more pleasureable than she is, so why would I want to give that up, just so I can return to the garden of eden? it just doesn't make sense to me. I want to create, not destroy. I've come to really enjoy the 3d experience, and instead of trying to get back into the garden, I want to become more insect-like (3d) where my concept of time is substrantially reduced to only conceptual (timeless) ideas, in the form of frequential/conceptual logic.

### 2023-06-18 20:54 - the blue pill?

here I noticed that I've come to the point where I end up deciding, and the decision is clear: I could go the red (technological) pill, or I could to the blue pill which is returning back to the garden of eden and seeing the blended ones again (2,4,6), and fight between us which version of reality is better, arguing and attracting unwanted to prove (or harden) the perceptions of the other, conjuring monsters and demons -- all sorts of difficulty -- or, there's another way: we just figure out how to solve the problem and instead of worrying about pills, we can create a whole diverse new set of perceptions that are an improvement on my own.
  I plan to not actually convert existing wom5n, not by replacing their point of view, but replacing their mother's X, which will take them from whereveer they are to where the few X (cause it'll continue to improve, so it'll be a bit of a moving target now, all of us improving it with our perspective/angle/take on reality). therefore, we're going to see a wide diversity of perspectives as thousands or maybe millions of women that come from wherever they're at, and little girls growing up figuring out a new way to get to that perception in the cultural framework that they're in -- cause none of them are going to be where I am, so they all have to figure out how to resonate with oneself like I have -- and then they can opt-in/control how much of one aspect they amp up over another (like I do, switching in and out of reality-kenny), so I can only see benefits for expansion.
what ultimately this is a question over is, what chain of events can cause the most diversity -- and normally a fight produces the most diversity (and one dominant), but if instead we have an improvements based system that's stuck in a whole lot of different cultural and social frameworks -- so, in all of those, how can one arrive to perceive the word conceptually as I do.
  I've said a number of different times that if someone else were as perceptive as I am, then they would be very sad. well, that's true still, but I've gone beyond that now, because I don't see all the problems and feel good about them, now, instead I simply see them as in a sort of process.
    so, like for example here's a really good example: tonight I called dad and we were talking and his emotion was such that he didn't want me to tell him how to think -- or maybe he's thinking that I want to force him to see things one way or another -- and whether I return to the garden of eden or not, I'm still going to create the conceptual insect human (which is different than conceptual reptile human). I have no problems that they want to go the reptile direction, and that's super great and all, but I'm going the insect path. like I don't need him to see things like an insect sees things, as each species sees the way it sees.
      you know I've often wondered about the greys, which are decsendent (evolved) from the ant -- so they took ant consciousness and kept extending it until it can become conscious. their brain would be a lot like our own, cept theirs, instead of a reptile brain stem, they have an ant brain stem, then a mammalian part, then the neo cortex just like everyone else. I may also be descended from the ant people, because I'm very insect-like myself. that'd be crazy, right?
      I'm reminded of the babalon working, where upon achieving and feeling like he had successfully performed the summoning, a girl with red hair showed up to jack's place and they continued on -- complete with lots of weird ET visits and stuff. I wonder if the greys were involved?
        I noticed that there are probably a lot of ant people alive on this planet, and it's quite possible that many of them live in the americas -- notably south america.
          wait does that mean that I'll soon be the saviour of the ant people? hold on, isn't that some weird hopi legend or something? it feels like there are lots of insect evolved people on this planet, and they just simply think diffrently than other people do. they've got to be "indigenous" (which just means not modern human, and decended (probably) from a non-reptile (or bird) species) -- cause like today I was really thinking about what it means to be a "red-skin" -- cause apparantly I'm like 1/8 my father said, and so that means I'm like some (really tiny) part of some of the ancient phonicians as they mixed with the natives. if those natives were like of a sort of different brain type... like an insect -- then, they'll be *reallllyyyy goood* at what I do. like this will be a piece of cake for them.
        hold up, wait a minute... somethin' aint right...

### 2023-06-19 02:24 - extra contrast

one of the things that I've always wanted to do is to go the "worst" path -- which is the one that produces the most contrast and diversity. if we can find a way (YXXX setup is prolly the way to go) to introduce contrast into the equation and cause the girls to have even more difficulty in their trek up towards the attracting conceptual perception (X - mine).
  I noticed that the X seems to cover the primary forms of perception, *minus* 3rd ray (at least for me -- though I could be wrong) -- and the Y covers the evens: 2,4,6 (starting at 2, it cascades downward) -- so generally speaking, I think for a guy (like me), (roughly speaking), the LH corresponds with the X and the RH to the Y.
  in though I have a Y right now, I don't really use it -- so what I'd like to do is to find a way genetically to make this form of perception invisible -- OH, so I'd need to have an alternate Y to cancel, just the same... interesting, because say I have a setup of 2,1,2,5,7 YXYXX -- and that would have my soon to be 50 oarsman setup (XYXX|YXXX) of 25 pairs, but this will make it 26 pairs (52). interesting and worth while to think about.
so then, if we can produce a manifestation that is high contrast *but* more diversity than a crash would have, then desire is to produce more diversity (cause more diversity is *always* more desire) -- and with that, we're officially going to be on the "worst" manifestation path (which is desired), and also you know -- like something wanted at the same time.
  I want to explore XYXX and YXXX as well.
    don't forget the ahn-roids; as, once we master the ability to construct a conceptual perception (X), it's intended to put in "foil" concepts into the girls (and myself) as well, to add to the number of paths which can find a successful result, and also to add for a bit of separation between the clusters of affinity.

### 2023-06-20 07:36 - the problem (in short)

because all men's perception (X) is ultimately attracted to become resonant with their symbolic/narrative big-picture, men are allowed to improve their Y and their X will follow (which is what I've done). my narrative/symbolic aspect though, I've gutted it for a lot of the silly ideas that appear in narrative such as justice (there isn't any) and punishment (there isn't any unless someone appoints theirself to be sherriff), and other silly things like that -- and instead my symbolic mind works much more like a machine does, where I see all interactions behaving according to their concept, or the way the different partiesd interacting feel (and how they conceptualise the universe). as such, all things are plain, visible, and easily understandable to me; I like that form of perception.
the problem with it is, if I have sex with someone, then I lose that form of perception and revert to a mix of mine mixed with hers and her mom's. I don't really want that. she's not capable of working on any of those flaws either because they're destructively interfered with (until she has sex with someone that has a significantly different perception than her mom (like me) -- at which point, because her mom's DNA/perception wants to remain stable and not go extict she becomes like her mom, to return her back to stable low/no signal).
therefore, anyone that actually makes an improvement on the standard form of perception, will is not rewarded with sex, but instead the opposite: all of the stuff that they improved upon, come back and the perception has to be reformed again. inotherwords, it creates/attracts massive amounts of conflict by attracting all of the stuff that her and her mom is worried about and fears (also the desire too), and THAT is what I claim was the cataclysm that adam and eve encountered and is recorded symbolically in the "garden of eden" story in genesis.
  in short: because we're binary beings: (XX,XY), we're doomed to continue to attract the things that (stone age) mom fears over and over again -- and it's basically a really slow process to try and get every woman on the planet to get over those core fears and beliefs. anyone who has sex will undo their own progress/improvements, and cause her to begin attracting massive amounts of dissatisfying things.

the way which I've come up with a solution is to simply add another X/Y, moving from binary to  a triad of perception inside of the body: charactor, actor, reflector. it's quite possible that I've already added on an additional X (or perhaps that's the effect of nosebook), and that's actually allowed me to make the change that I want FOR ME -- and not for anyone else. everyone else has to change their own mind about how things work, which is why I carry on endlessly about how there is no justice, narrative is a lot of effort to manifest one's desire, and how interactions are all based on concept and feeling as their primary physical component, and *not* symbol-first, like it used to be (before the fall / end of the last ice age).
  I can't actually make anyone perform these changes and can only attract it. so, like a plant, I have to wait for what I want tto come to me, as there simply isn't any way that I can go out and just *change* other people's DNA for them so they can see what I see (that would be assertion). my *only* option, is (evolution-of-desire) to *become* the thing that I desire (that is be the DNA changes that I want to make), and then as people wish to join me there, they'll find me and we'll figure out a way to make that possible *before having sex*.

#### 2023-06-20 09:16 - adam and the cataclysm

just like enkidu can be seen both as a single person and/or as a race/group of people, I consider adam to be the same (which is why I've mixed adam and aries/aryan); in this entry it'll be easier to see adam as a group of people, even though when I'm talking about him, I'm mainly referring to myself and what I think will happen if such an event should repeat.
  adam is, like me, a VERY CONCEPTUAL person -- and his reality of cOncept comes from top-down (that is from symbol/desire down into physical things/actions/ideas that appear separate from each other).
    in fact, if one looks at the "species" in the animal kingdom, to me, they look like they're separated by desire being converted into action and syntax (symbolic perception): meaning, they turn the desire for food/shelter/water into a set of actions -- and the ones that do that similarly (like horses and gazelle) are similar in their species. the more they diverge in the way that they turn desire into action, the more one species diverges from another.
    insects are the obvious exception to this rule, as their interaction syntax doesn't seem to be motivated by desire at all, and instead forms some kind of greater program which we know nothing about (yet I claim is vibrational/frequential and is a reflection of the earth and the conditions in that area).
    ---
    most humans learn their concept from the bottom-up, learning from parents, school, experience, and their culture how to behave an interact (what are the things that become action). there are humans that have this so-called instinct built in, and I'm claiming that that's activated (at least for men) when their tree of life (astral) perception kicks in.
  adam had (assuredly) a VERY DIFFERENT concept of reality than eve did, having figured out what separates one thing from another from his analytical (probably pretty machine-like) perception likely very similar to my own.
  so, when they had sex, adam lost his conceptual form of perception and started from the physical working his way up. that's why I think it's called "the fall" because he fell down from the conceptual form of perception where everything interacts based on feeling/concept down to the mechanical/materialistic form of perception, only seeing physical actions and material (like I was before my brain haemorrhage).

it's possible that couple (adam and eve) caused the cataclysm, but I believe that's a narrative element to show cause and effect, when in reality, this timespan was likely much longer (at least 1-4ky, I suspect). so, just for round numbers and to adjust for the speed of present day living, let's assume that for 100y, a bunch of adams and a bunch of eves are now engaging in a battle over who's perception is "right" -- with the women trying to prove ninhursag as being the one that's got the correct perception (remember, being 1st ray, she represents the collection of all desire the sumerians have as a culture and group of people) -- so she's attracting stuff that resonate with annual seeds (so you have to buy them each year), secrets so the power structure can maintain superiority over the slaves, and fear as a means of steering people away from what I don't want them to do (and all of the typical stuff that oppressive moms do).
  I know it's said in the genesis story that there was a flaming sword putt in front of the garden so they wouldn't be able to access the tree of life, but I believe that that was circumvented using homosexuality -- which I believe strengthens the Y symbolic/narrative aspect of perception in men -- which enabled men to attract symbolically (through the narrative way that they think things work), much more rapidly than the X form of perception can attract; so they can get the good aspect of astral perception by heightening the X's attraction and activating kundalini, but still attracting symbolically much faster.
    you can see how pushing a man's symbolic/narrative aspect to the extreme will produce someone like gilgamesh that's got his system for how he thinks he gains his power (through virgin girls), and so he uses their belief as a manifestation/implementation of his symbols to give him power.
  I actually believe that even though the elohim didn't want adam in astral space, because of homosexuality (thanks vulcan/enkidu), he was there a lot -- and so when he's having sex with all of these girls, they're all trying to get the sumerian/ninhursag form of perception back, and so attracting all of that stuff. I believe this created *a lot* of conflict amongst rivals and was the birth of martial arts and other ways to move that energy around. a lot of beings were created/summoned during that time, and stuff got really crazy (sorta like end-times stuff where monsters and stuff are showing up) -- and that battle was a sort of manifestation of the different X forms of perception trying to become the dominant ones. it's all of that dissatisfaction from the astral warfare that produced the cataclysm, and afterward the dominant ones (the ones that survived) eventually settled down into the major X groupings that we have today (like I'm a k1a1bl, apparently)

what I'm claiming is that because my form of perception is so much different than everyone else's, that if a girl suddenly had my form of perception, it would cause a tremendous amount of fighting and trying to prove which way is right (much like I experienced with bea, patricia, and raquel), and because I noticed that so many women are group-like, taking on the perception of one to another, this kind of dissatisfaction caused by the difference between mine and her/mom's perception would cause tremendous difficulty between us.
  as an example, notice how much difficulty I have with remi or with mom, and notice how they *attract* me (cause I talk to others differently) to get into a conflict with them and try to fix their glaring errors in perception -- so just imagine how much difficulty will immediately would happen if suddenly I became like mom or remi attracts me to be *all the time* and with everyone.
    I actually think it'll be worse than that, actually -- because both of them (and I'll include raquel,bea&patricia too) all are pretty good at hiding the aspects of theirselves that they don't like, when they present theirselves to people -- but after sex (or some more energetic interaction), when I became more like them, I didn't have the same filters and judgement that they have telling me I need to hide it, so I became the things they dislike (and try to hide) about theirselves manifested in front of them. they then tried to figure out how to keep their distance from me and stay separated, much like the way that they distance theirself from those inner aspects/parts, as well.
it would be a complete disaster, and it'd cascade outward, ultimately affecting the whole world. sure that's a fine thing I suppose, but I don't want to be a part of that. if they wish to cause a disaster, they have the ingredients: my form of perception + sex with a lot of women will (like a relationship) have a pleasurable beginning, but will ultimately turn sour. no thank you.
