# the-tragedy

I thought I wrote about this, already...

### 2023-06-15 07:42 - why is tragedy so important

I just woke up from a dream where in the dream, I treated them a strange way -- and so I was asked why I treated them (I think it would be considered mean), but I was explaining that if somehow we had already been precognisant of the future actions (what would happen after I said/did the mean thing), then it doesn't really look the same.
  from my perspective, it seems that I'm strapped into a body that seems to be heading off into infinity. like, I have no choice but to get there, so what I do along the way to getting there really is (to me] inconsequential.
  imagine that you know you're going to die; either from old age, or from unnatural causes at some specific time|place in the future. you could try to avoid that destiny with physical effort, or you could just enjoy the journey on the way to that point in time.
    here is actually where the tragedy is formed: let's say that I accept my destiny as being whatever it's going tto be (physical death), and just decide to enjoy life along the way toward my death -- well, then how *do* I enjoy my life? in order to enjoy those last moments, is it desirable for me to try and get others to do things so that I can enjoy m/ remaining time, OR is it better to just leave all expectation for others out of it? I claim it's the latter.
  therefore, along the way toward any highly attractive "destiny", I've come to learn over the years, that it's really not at all a good idea to try and "make something fun" (ever seen "national lampoon's vacation" when they finally get to wally world) or to have any expectations for anyone else (or even myself) as for what I/they would want/need (as far as a manifestation) as I travel my journey along that path.
    like, I won't really be getting there any faster or slower, anyway, so it's silly for me to expect anyone else to be/do/have something so that I can feel good.
  ultimately, impacts are never a good idea to have, because those impacts are now taking away *my power* to to feel/enjoy the situation and putting them into the hands of someone else. instead, what I want to do is to simply feel the way I want to feel, and let others reflect that.
any symbols that happen along the path will ultimately produce expectations in other people's minds about what those symbols mean (especially in a narrative format), and so that's how tragedy is built: symbolic expectations, but the tragedy technicial (cupid/desire) is not attracted to those symbolic expectations, and is instead just getting to the next point in time.
  from the perspective of cupid/desire, he just wants to find the easiest path toward the destiny, without getting caught up in all of the symbolic expectation that's going to turn it into a tragedy later on.

imagine for a moment that you're building yourself conceptually; each concept is founded on a desire, and so you insert yourself into a point in time, and you have another point where you'll leave (a cOnception and a destiny -- both conceptual meaning they're founded on desire); and so let's say you're born 9m after being conceived with your father/mother's desires for you and yourself all built into a single being. some of those desires/concepts just don't really work in "real-life" and some do, but they're misguided -- so the journey is to go from one the starting point to the destiny and to perceive those concepts (X) in new ways along the way -- and that largely has to do with perception and how one feels more than anything else.
  we see days, and time and stuff like that which give this world an illusion of "free-will", where I can decide to, for example, stop writing this and just do something else -- and that's the space in which I can move around in time, but my *destiny* is still fixed (meaning it's still attracting me), and I *will* arrive there. let's say that writing this is (in some way getting me closer to that destiny) -- and so now if I decided to do something else instead of write this, the cOncepts presented in this text will be expressed in a different way which will "get me ready" for my destiny. (approach to a destiny is just becoming more similar to it vibrationally)
so at the end of the timeline, let's say I look back and I notice the starting concepts/desires from my parents when I was conceived, and then I look at the concept/desires that I had when I reached my destiny, it's pretty easy to subtract the two waveforms and simply see how well I did:
the more similar my conecpt is to my destiny, the better I did -- and in basically 100% of the cases, no single person can ever make me have concepts that resonate with my destiny without also having the same desire theirself (and a realisation of that desire in *conceptual* (not physical) form). so, it's usually not going to be any person/place/thing that ever helps me to get to my destiny easier (cause I will arrive), and instead it's all about how *I* perceive my world when I get there.
  obviously, for a tragician, the most optimal form of being is to get really good at the centre where everyone is a reflection of me and my desire, because then all people/places/things are [showing you their desire in conceptual form](/in-27-days.md#2023-06-14-1729---hearing-and-listening). the foil perspective is also pretty good because those mean less impacts, and less impacts are better.
if there were no other *impacts/inputs* from anyone else, the tragician would arrive to the pure (unimpacted) desire without any difficulty -- but then there wouldn't have been any physical experience along the way. what makes the physical experience fun, is that it's *guaranteed/assured* that I'll never arrive fully to the destiny (because of impacts), so what makes it enjoyable is to find a way to (dispite the physical circumstances) *still* arrive *as close as possible* to the desire at the destiny, even though I'll never actually get there with 100% perfect harmony tto it.

#### 2023-06-15 15:00 - tragedy can only come from expectations, as an example

I think the most famous tragedy is "hamlet" -- so I thought I'd try and explain the previous idea (poorly rendered, so I'm trying again) by mapping myself into that play:
  I am prince hamlet, king hamlet is also me -- but that's the me that was extant prior to nosebook and the events in vallecas/puerto del hierro -- the "old" me. the ghost of king hamlet is my "conscience" and societies' expectations of what I should do about claudius (nosebook) having taken over that kingly (right-hemisphere) position in my head. I *should* try and kill claudius/nosebook and try to get my mom (mom is IMO a very different person to the woman I left in spain) and girlfriend back, but I keep tarrying and not *really* wanting to kill claudius/nosebook, because it just doesn't matter.
  at the same time, I seemingly keep helping 4-10-brasse (hollywood/neo/the hotshots/big-tech/vaccine networks/etc) which have essentially gutted the US government, healthcare, and any/all positions of power that could be there. they're marching on their way to pole-land and will eventually use their power to sorta keep everyone in the position that they want everyone. like prince hamlet, I'm not stupid or bind; I know (more or less) what's happening -- but I simply *cannot* get myself to try and kill claudius and avenge their having taken over half of my brain.

the "tragedy" part of the play is that prince hamlet *should* have all of these great conditions given to him when he's to take power on the the throne of (tribe of) dan-mark, but instead claudius (which represents rome) has instead kinda butted in and taken over instead. without those expectations of his position of power, this is just another case of power squabbles in the endless battle on earth to be "lord of the realm".
  at the end of the play, everything falls apart, and the clear winner is 4-10-brasse (young norway) -- and so prince hamlet was just there to aid/guide the transition from one power structure to another.
    read "gods of eden" for a number of other examples of people that have dramatically caused the transition from one power structure to another.
I'm not meant to be in power (nor want to be), so the "tragedy" part would be for me to keep holding on to the kingly position that was "taken" from me by nosebook/claudius/4-10-brasse, as it was never m/ destiny to begin with. the symbols around me and apparent events (I have no idea how nosebook presents me) paint a picture which makes it look like I'm on a trajectory toward some set of conditions/symbols -- when in fact I am not. my "destiny" (I have maintained many times) is more like the guy that *prepares* for the apparition of [the saviour](/enkidu-do.md#2023-06-14-1453---then-enkidu-as-a-saviour-figure), than the saviour himself -- so don't try and make me into something I'm not going to be (which is the tragedy) or get sad when I don't arrive to the destination that the symbols are "telling" everyone where I'm going.
