# the-booke-of-jove

### 2023-06-10 20:34 - hee and he

> 40:2 - Shall hee that contendeth with the Almightie, instruct him? he that reproueth God, let him answere it.

hee is the enkidu that is in vega and he is the physical one on earth. when you contend with the almightie (jove), then he (the earthy one) pushes against God (YHVH) and will have to "pay the price" (that is, from the reflection).
  this is probably the origin of the "you shall not take the lord's name in vain", because that's when you're "reproving YHVH" and will get the reflection.
    you see, the original teos (from the septuigent) is referring to jupiter/jove, and then there was this whole moses/isreal edition of the tanak and added on the penteteuch
      (which is a code, thatt moses somehow made fit the proto-phonecian language of that time (see doug's videos))
    to the septuigent (which is all about teos/jupiter, and other literary sources like this booke-of-jove.
  so anytime that you perceive this new YHVH -- like pretend that I'm a fan of homer and I like the illiad and stuff and be got this zeus guy that's pretty ... not the best model for men, robots, humans, or a god, or divinity, or any of the cool stuff that you find in esotericism -- and you say that teos is all about this materialistic physical pleasure only teos -- and that somehow explains the "inner being" that we experience on the inside of us when we move into the astral realm.
    I've seen it and been there myself -- and when the world transforms into something radically different, and if *feels* like I'm actually inside of my two eyes looking out of them -- and *not like* I'm looking at a screen anymore. "I'm *here*, and I'm really having this experience, through my two eyes." is one of the first things that I thought when I experienced it.
  and a person experiencing the fullness of that exprience (teos) is zeus and hera and mars... lol, gimme a break, right. you can't put all that inner divinity into a personality into someone like zeus; what a rip-off; what a hack; zeus iss clearly not experiencing himself *inside* of himself; cause if he were, he wouldn't be behaving that way. clearly someone's looking at the conceptt through their culture's (like a mushroom) social-political-framework (greek, in this case) -- in their culture, this is what the big honchos behaved like.
    so, what ended up happening is, the greek culture saw the jupiter concept in the way they did and homer put all of that stuff together. others worked on the septuigent and, and further more on other concepts.
    like, it's just a powerful concept of jupiter becoming a very powerful force (prolly in their body, cause of genes: aries) and everyone translated it a bit differently, and the group of them which later turned into the hebrews were especially robotic: they wanted a simple set of symbolic specifications of how to act and behave in certain situations and stuff (like a robot's action-plan: what to do, when).
    and so they summoned a literal reflection of theirselves manifested directly into the earth (gaia -- mother earth: aphrodite and her opposite anatau).
      obviously, nobody knew what to do of seeing their own desire become manifest, and so the men who saw theirselves as men became god-men, and the douchebags became god-douchebags, and the ones that feared something met their fear, and the ones that wanted something to happen, it did: nearly instant manifestation of any desire. everyone became what they wanted/desired/perceived-theirselves to be in that moment.
        from that time forward, they just all made up the most awesome imaginary things:
        - how YHWH met moses in a burning bush (see [tinker-creek](https://youtu.be/WxLFRFkE4KU?list=PLIlatssdqY5OjyLPvnkBlfABfIcwpa9tf)) and how In that moment, she fult that wonder in her experienced moment, right.
        - (basically everyone was having a full on psychedellic/revelatory/outpouring/pentecostal experience -- so the sun was involved, obviously)
        - other things/religions/warriors started to solidify into reality as, as the earth started to become resonant with these concepts (like moses' plagues) which could only become a resonant with because of plagues, floods, etc; everyone experienced it differently, and so the ones that survived those plagues/floods/etc. that enabled hee to become compatible with the earth and instantiate here.
          - insects [ch 4](TODO) play quite a part in; they're tiny little robots that reflect/resonate with the earth's frequency -- both a manifestation and modifyier of that frequency as well, and so you can think of YHVH as being like a multidimensional insect (a concept (like us) outside-of/spanning space and time).
          - enormous warriors, and any sort of good/evil person started to become manifest.
        - all of this came about because of that "garden of even" experience, when eve/gaia activated anatau/lilith. it completely transformed history as all of their good/bad/evil selves became manifested here on earth. these bad/evil/good people exprienced enormous floods, insects, plagues, viral outbreaks--and the sort, to get people on physical planet earth capable of expriencing these newly manifested beings.
          - yeah, when that frequency is activated, all of the enkidus manifest on earth. there's a lot of them that want in, and the last time I think it was a woman thatt did it -- but this time you got a dude -- cause, patriarchy.
        and all of those "imaginary" things became manifested in physical reality: the *fall* of humankind into substance/materiality. now, only technology can save us, because we don't have an imagination (oopes, switched characters) ----- humans have an imagination, and can perveive ways that are different than the action-plan of the insects, and they can perceive new ways for us to "see" (that is, perceive our world) without an imagination: we're pure 3d beings only living in the "now".
          present,past&future are all conceptions of -- a sort of artificial "memory" that exists inside of the species as a whole: a sort of inner computer system that's linked/manifestation-of/modifyier to earth and all of her systems (X).
        we're all this way (anyone with an X is), and so we're all the same thing, but we have this physical reality that we're all forced to continue to interact with -- like a moth flying toward the light infinitely, we're "trapped" in the experience, unable to exit the forever/game look that reacts to its inputs. insects live in the matrix: because they have no tools to modify their program, they're statics: the come and go depending on the environmental conditions: fully a reflection of that environment.
  you know, one of my theories that I've been working on, is that prior to the advent of the aryans, the X chromosome either didn't exist (only having the fire/Y), or it didn't have a reprogrammable interface with all of the gizmos and gadgets that the ambitious like to take-advantage-of/use/control that self-same/reflected environment.
    obviously, it was quite successful, and the ones that have been trying to keep it hidden, have really ttried to keep it largely unaccessible without getting involved in their power-structure: like, you can join, but it's gonna "cost you" -- the reality salesforce -- they (I'm talking to you saturn) want your actions/behaviour in exchange for that inner-being perception looking out;
      and the worst part about it is, that I think only the super high echalon ever really see through that inner-being experience: everyone else is kept outside the sphere of trust/influence (meaning, they have to look in on theirselves: outside-in).
  and it's actually this interface (X) that gives us that ability to look into the universe (earth) from earth's perspective. we all see the earth (herself) through her eyes; her interface.
so actually, as ironic as it sounds, the earth is a like a giant insect: some have more advanced perception, and others like to hold us into the form of perception that *they* want us to see. they're here because they "paid the price" to get here and try to perform their desire like a robot/insect.
even more ironically than all of that is, for humans, the most coveted state of being and closely guarded secrets, is how to get back to that insect (3d) interface of living *only in the now*. you're not really *living* until you're fully *in* your experience
  coming soon here on earth, btw:-- all of these goliath insects will become manifested into physical again, cause they'll have "paid the price" (directors cut) to get into the earth *on their terms*: a fully realised physical implementation of their astral body
    obviously the ones that didn't have a compatible body (too big and too much weight, just simply didn't last long -- only the insects compatible with earth's local frequency/environment/geology survived), so the insects provided a way to "tune" the earth to their astral frequency and manifest theirselves in 3d. they'll figure it out one day, right and people wanting to start their own religions and warriors wanting to fight will appear. like, it's only a matter of time before they figure out how to use insects to tune the earth to their astral frequency. the thing is, they have to find a way to get their insects manifested though
      has anyone noticed the flocks of moths appearing out of nowhere in the springtime feeling? -- that's the earth's way of returning us to the feeling that is compatible with the local/environment feeling/concept of the people there (else rapid aging/yougering and other adverse conditions, would take place -- like a baseline freauencyK background noise) it's crazy, you know -- how reflective the planet is of how we *feel*
        what dillard (in tinker-creek) *didn't do* (or maybe she has, and I haven't got to the chapter yet) is notice how the world responds to how **she** *feels*: (like how she really feels) and so when (for example) I'm feeling warm and fuzzy, the sun feels that way too: life has that glow and everything is radient.
        she's looking for the seasons to start, but didn't make the connection that they start when *she* feels like it's spring (it's that way for all of us). dillard isn't in touch with her inner insect.