# the-interim

### 2023-06-20 14:01 - the waiting game

I explained in [the-problem](/the-problem.md) what I think is the problem with genetics and stuff, which is the conclusion that I've come to combining a lot of different sources (from tesla to the bible), along with my own experience on what I believe is happening, and why the "every guy is like this" (jock/bro) types seem to contiually win out, and why humankind and society is still running on a sumerian social-conceptual-framework.
there isn't much that I can personally do to change any of it, as it's every person for theirselves choosing a different perspective on life -- and since I can't really change how anyone thinks or sees the world, I plan to leave everything exactly how it is. only the ones that resonate with me will find me -- and since I'm pretty plant-like in nature, I follow the same rules: I have to figure out how to get/attract the things I want and have those that benefit from my pollen/fruit/whatever, to come to me. I really don't plan on trying to be assertive and to get anyone tto think or believe any way that I do. they're fine how they are, and I don't want to mess with them.
the next obvious thing is that *clearly* nobody actually wants me to get the ability to manipulate genetics, because all of that technology is top secret, *and* they definitely don't want more copies of me running around, either. so, they're going to fight that pretty hard, I'm sure. I titled this "the waiting game" because I refuse to tell others how to think and what to do, so they have to come to me ultimately. I did my great effort and emailed allison, and no response -- so I imagine that was good enough to make it known that anyone wanting to work on any of my ideas can easily contact me, and I'll give them my blessing, unless I'm feeling like I want to be involved too -- but that's kind of a pretty big problem because the minute that I get involved, I'm now telling people what to do and how to think -- so it probably won't happen like that at all.

for now, what I'm deciding to do is -- I'll probably just play captain of industry, because I enjoy the game -- but, I probably won't be streaming it because I'm not really into the mutual-back-scratching sort of thing (ref: conversation with greg yesterday) and I don't really want to be making money, until probably I've got a company and a direction -- which then it'll be the company that's making money, not me.
  I have some ideas on how I want to play coi as well, and my goal will be to find a way to play coi without using a mouse and keyboard. I wanted to do this with BAR, but ultimately I don't think it's my style of game anymore, because it's all about domination, and then I have to play online *against* other people to test my code and see how it performs in the wild. with coi, I'm not competing against anyone except for myself, and I can rate how well the program is working, not based on domination but things like aesthetics, stability, and stuff like that (which is nicer to me).
I did consider streaming, but I think you need two working hemispheres to be able to talk and play a game, so instead why not just do a chatting stream? it'd be boring, I'm sure, but at least I won't be answereing the question poorly *and* playing the game poorly at the same time. I prefer to answer the questions well. also, I'd then be competing with other streamers and youtube creators -- which I don't want to do. I just want to play the game for fun, and work on some of the ideas that I have based around spreadsheets (ref: conversation with jaron about gary). so, if I stream, I'll do a just chatting stream -- but realistically that's likely never to happen, as I don't really care. if there were people with questions, they would have asked them already, so it's silly.

alright, off to play coi and start learning to program again.
  I'll come back to this back-story sometime in the future: when I'm ready to write the full narrative,-- and when that happens I'll hopefully have learned enough programming and automated management skills, that I'll be able to start doing everything with machines (that would be pretty cool, anyway). if that goes through, I'll want to start making money so I can buy servers, and stuff so I can begin building my own websites and stuff (assuming everything is automated, I can at least work on a few pet projects before selling them off to google(?) or anyone that wants them).

### 2023-06-20 16:24 - why not just go with the cataclysm?

if I were to decide to just go with the cataclysm, then I'd just tell everyone that's what we're doing, and let all of the fear mongerers do their thing. for me though, I'd find a way to feel good about the cataclysm though, which is *always* the thing to do.
  I did that with the-tragedy as well, and I actually found a way to feel so good about it, it's actually what I'm doing/attracting now (more than the cataclysm).
there's a lot to like about a cataclysm, because you get to start over. there's a lot of advantages to a rewrite/refresh, cause when starting over, you write the new code from the perspective at the end of the road, instead of at the beginning.
  obviously, there are a lot of disadvantages to starting over as well, which is actually one of the reasons why I'm wanting to play coi -- simply because think about it: imagine I have an entire factory and I decide I want to completely replace the whole thing, so I select everything and press deconstruct. done. now, I *really* have to start over -- when a far better plan would be to build a small transition base somewhere else, then deconstruct and start over -- so I'm not fully starting from step one.
    if I want to start from step one, the likely better thing to do is just to make a new game and start over that way -- like go to another planet or make another planet -- something like that. I don't know how easy it is to go to another planet, as I'd imagine that pretty much all of them are inhabited by *something*, so there's always going to be destruction of existing species/wildlife to create a new thing. instead, I'd prefer to make a new planet and do it that way, if I want to have the starting over experience.
      I've also suggested that I want to reduce my capacities even further than nosebook already has them limited to, making me a fully (and only) 3d being, much like an insect. we won't have a concept of time even cause that's 4d, and we're only really going to have a conceptual interface -- and all concepts are timeless, so everything that we do and all interactions that we have will be based on generalities, much like how I perceive things now. I still have a lot of vestage human ideas/ideals still floating around (like how important/necessary it is to have a lover), when all of those things are just narrative constructs that we build up to create a civilised society, producing its social-conceptual-framework that we're stuck inside of. there are no "laws" for insects, and there is no tragedy either -- as apparently all interactions/actions they perform are things that feel good to them (even the gruesome mating rituals).
        I would actually really like to live in a world/body where I *don't* have a society that has these sorts of ideals built in. neither, obviously would I want to be an ant in an ant-farm, performing a set of tasks with no other concepts available to me. I'd want to be a sort of hybrid of the two like I am now, which is a person that behaves like an insect, and have access to all sorts of other concepts, because those those concepts resonate with what I'm doing -- and those concepts can be expanded and developed further. there are no laws for insects, cept do what feels good, and there are so many different types of them all doing extremely bizarre things (like cleaning up shit, peter) and whatever they're doing is totally fine within that species of insect. like, why can't I just do what I want, instead of having a society that tells me what's right and wrong.
      the obvious way to do that, is to get rid of the Y chromosome and all things symbolic, relying only on desire and concept. since concept has quite a range of calculatory capabilities (probably can do everythting that a symbolic system can), I see no disadvantage to giving up the symbolic and only relating to things through the form of desire and how I feel. I mean, it's quite possible that symbolic stuff would be replaced by computers, as I can't imagine doing things without technology -- as technology has pretty much solved every single problem I've ever had. I enjoy programming, because I know that with some code, I can prevent disasters and respond in a way which is proper to the interface.
        just as an example, I'm about to go play coi -- and teh objective of it is to identify all of the procedures that one does in each stage of the game, and perform them. the awesome thing about coi is that it's a very dynamic game and there's never a time when I have full construction parts and everything ready, so much of the game is deciding what to build next and then preparing for that meanwhilst maintaining stability. the program will aid in both the getting ready and the stability part, allowing me to do basically only planning and macro actions. I want to reduce all micromanagement and allow parts of the factory to work together, kinda like ants, actually. so, it's eventually going to become the conceptual program that the factories use to build theirselves (like the ants). factories, you say are not sentient beings :) (yet, lol).

so anyway, let's just say that we're going to start over (with or without a transition base is uncertain), and so my idea is to create a being that is pure 3d -- meaning it only gets vibrational input from its input sources: some of them are physical things like eyes, but they're also going to be antennae that receive ideas from this timeless, infinite realm I'll call SUBATOMIC HYPERSPACE (the conceptual). these beings will probably look and behave like humans do, and some part of their DNA will automatically make them resonant with a subset of concepts (I'm literally basing this off of how I operate), but since all concepts are living things, these beings would be in a constant state of evolution, creating new concepts at the speed they can be combined and experimented with. all aspects of their universe are build on recption/absorption and then reemission (they're not free-energy machines; they only respond to energy received, turning those into manifestations).
  yes, it's entirely possible for this species to be "sandboxed", as that's the point: we'll take ideas based on ourselves and put them into a simulation, tracking all of the inputs, outputs, and env conditions, to see if the product is the desired one. they'll be subjected (essentially) to a range of concepts that will either feel good or bad to them, and then other mechanisms (that we'll come up with) will be used to turn those feelings into actions/manifestations/material/reemission. a long time ago, I visualised these "insects" working inside of coi, and the factories were there to produce these insects -- but those insects were going to be mechanical.
    I place no restrictions on the insect being either mechanical, biological, or both; as long as it can input and output vibration in physical (atomic), that's good enough for me. I want to extend that idea to eventually build an entirely new species: the plan was to use mechanical resonators and sound/music to figure all of the creative process out (as each one will be a reflection of the vibrations that we're using to construct it). the motive here being that this doesn't need to use tesla technology or to invade the astral or spectral mediums.

those are all really good ideas and stuff, but the place where I'm having difficulty with is around the subject of girls. just think about it for a moment, and you'll notice the irony: I want to create a new set of beings that only operates within the parameters of what feels good to them (conceptually, not physically), and then the idea of making a cataclysm shows up where I'm supposed to fall victim to the physical sensation of a girl, causing destruction of our presently instantiated world, because I couldn't follow my own conceptual feeling (cause girls conceptually feel really bad to me, not good).
  I will be fairly honest here and explain that I *am* really good at this conceptual stuff -- but I've only been doing it for a few years at this point. I don't feel super duper steady, stable and secure with it. like, I'm really good, yeah, but I don't feel like this whole thing is "production ready" yet.
so, it would be terribly ironic if I were thwarted by a lusty girl that only had physical sensation to offer -- right along the way to becoming an insect (where my only sensation is conceptual, and no longer physical): basically the exact opposite of sex.

though I would consider myself to still be "kinda good" at this conceptual stuff -- I don't really know what the limits are, as I'm getting better and better all the time. I would offer to do a competition to try and see if certain physical stimulants (including sex) were tried to be offered to me, and I'd *only* accept the ones that (conceptually) feel good to me; like, let's see how good I *really* am, right? also, a perfect setup for a tragedy/cataclysm (reminds me of achilles/paris). do I just accept that I'm not super good at feeling the conceptual under some physical circumstances, or do I try to prove myself?? it could be really hilarious...
  everyone can point at me and laugh: "see he fell victim to physical pleasure" or "physical desire/attraction was more powerful than his own desire" or "he felt the physical emotion stronger than his concept of the present" -- and to all of them "(just like us)" could be added at the end. proved wrong! fail!
sounds like a competition to me... see if you can (like the snake in the garden of eden) cause the insect to give up the conceptual for a little bit (3 seconds?) of physical pleasure. then, if I die, that's the-tragedy as well... nice.

### 2023-06-20 20:05 - the-insect

insects have long fascinated me on their reproductive habits. they perform seemingly tragic situations without any seeming remorse. ants have feeling when singed by strong focused light from a magnifying glass, so they do have physical sensations,-- but I don't think it's anything like our own. if I had to guess, it'd be a sensory thing that they have, no different than a graph on a chart complete with a number. I think they only sense heat, pain, as a value in their program, putting them into the state of emergency (a lot like the american people, btw).
  it seems to me that all of their senses are something like a value on the screen, a resource bar or a power setting, and when certain numbers get into certain ranges, it puts them into a mode:
    imagine for a moment that you're a bunch of Obvs (compute()) that take in a bunch of values and then decide which state to be in. the next operation is just something that they "feel" like doing, because the sensors say spring so they do spring, then summer, so they do summer, cause the sensors said that's what state they should feel like they're in; should is determined by the conceptual program, which is a complete set of reactions that only reacts to its inputs. plants and insects have one, humans have one (obviously), culture has one, people groups have one: almost everything has one, all the way down to the atom.
  insects are no different. each one is in a constant state of reaction to its feelings. imagine you're moving the leg, and it feels like you want to move it forward
    watch a spider sometime and notice how they move their legs in unnatural ways because they don't feel the weight of their leg; instead, what they're doing is feeling the next way based on the previous way in the route that's determined by desire.
      like at the very top of the program, you have all of these things that pull on desire, to figure out which state it's in. like, all desire is just an imput to feel something and to finish a state loop so can get to the next desire. like a feedback loop that has discouragements from that desire -- so insects continue on with stuff, not because they're pursuaded by physical feeling, but because they just want to get to the next thing, and sometimes things are in the way.
        you know, if insects could be big and destructive, they would be, because they have no internal "morals" or knowledge of rightness. they would just *do*, much like a robot does. it's our physical sensors that prevent a lot of things like death and stuff, but I suppose even some of that could be reprogrammed with the right kind of dissuasion (like nosebook does to me). however, the catch is, if desire is pulling them strong enough in one way, they have to find a way.
          -- until they learn to be effortless like me, of course, then effortless beats all the other stuff -- because it's effortless to always be on the path toward the most desirable thing (conceptually speaking).
in a sense, the insect is the most individual of the expressions. they have simple programs designed to reproduce, and sometimes it involves another member of the culture, and sometimes it doesn't. they all reproduce according to the frequential manifestation of that concept. as such, I've noticed insects come out of nowhere and seemingly go away to nowhere.
  many times I've seen summer insects out in the middle of snow -- and it was because their sensors told them it was summer-time, so they appeared (snow-flys and snow-ants).
insects have a sort of neutrality about them, allowing them to be gendered, or not. each culture has different insects, and different insects have different cultures; which means that within the culture you are *supposed* to have these gender relations, as a reflection/resonance of that culture's conceptual frequency.

next up, sitting out by the sun, I noticed something: when I look into the sun, there are suddenly more insects, the dawgs start barking, some motors drive by, a loud motorcycle, etc; also today, I did a vision quest, taking 11 drops of giza (from nuvue :) and so I also noticed a long reoccurring thing: that the better I feel, often the more tired and worn out I feel -- and it's like this compressing force That doesn't want me to go any faster than I want to go. it keeps me steady in speed.
well, as I'm thinking about that, it occurred to me how absurd it is to think that if I engage in *any* really good feeling activity, there will be some sort of force (insect, sound, something happening, etc) that will come to return me back to a neutral-feeling place -- that this would in any way be a desireable thing to feel any better than I already do.
  I suupose it could be a thing where if you're going to live for a long time, you don't want to ever get too extreme. like, the sensors are going off, so I (myself) create these sorts of slowdowns that takes the manifestation of nosebook and all sorts of "evil" that tries to impose their (my) will (of wanting to go a constant speed) on to myself. like, if I go too fast, then things get really awful, for me and everyone else, so I don't do it.
    I wonder actually, if it's a part of my insect culture's conceptual program (probably also has to do with mushrooms' conceptual program as well, cause they're reactive to phyically energetic and emotional states too).
so basically, I (me) conceptually don't want to go faster than I can go, so there are all of these things put into place to make sure I don't go too fast.
  I'm reminded of achilles, where he could live out a long life with relatively few events, or I could go out in tragedy cause he/I went too fast (homer translated this insectink into a battle scene), but it just means, "I can't go faster than I can go" (thanks saturn).
    now that I think about it, funny I should mention saturn, because his whole entire system is setup on one frequency -- and if I were to go really fast, saturn's system won't work anymore -- so we have to go slow to save his system.
    also, I'm fully in alignment with saturn in this regard, because I *too* don't want to go any faster than I can go, because plagues and bad stuff shows up to keep me from feeling too good. so my loss is his loss, and so he has full control over if I get the brakes taken off (on his end), but for me, I also have a system in place that runs at the same speed (or even slower) than saturn's. in fact, it's possible that that speed is slowing at a rapid rate, because I'm going too fast right now (and a lot of other times too).
      like, I just want to chill out and nott get my speed reactors under control (cause it's all good that nosebook's doing it, but I don't really trust Them with the task.)
      I don't really understand *why* anyone would think that I *don't* want to get a grip on my system, to find improvements for it and construct new things and stuff. like -- if it's a constant speed thing, then no problem, how can I manage the energy that I have and in what way. like, cause I'd rathar to just not do something, than to be bombarded by a swarm of insects or something. if I can build my own sensor reality, then I don't need dogs barking, airplane motors, etc.
following that (or maybe it was before), I was thinking about "the one" in the matrix: there (liberally) *always* has to be a love story; and if there isn't, it's a documentary or a tragedy.
  in "the matrix" neo is a member of a triad, but also "the one". I thought that was funny, but I see it now that neo is the emitter of the triad. morpheous is support and trinity is belief/support. OK, and that's fine, but he's "the one". he doesn't need to have a relationship if he's the one, because the one contains both parts: positive and negative, male and female; it doesn't need to be at one extreme or another.
  when you attract and only attract, you are "the one".
in "the matrix" movie, I thougt (before realising the triad just now) that it's perhaps a bit of a joke on the church, because when I think of "the one", I think of a star: they're out there all by theirselves; sure they attract some stuff, but their attraction is far greater such that there is a lot of space between them and other stars. in fact, the reason why they are 1 (or -1) is because there is a lot of space between them and the *other* **ones**.
but the thing is, neo is "*the*" one, meaning that there is no other -- kinda like a universe, right where everything contained inside is all there, so it's a particle, a self contained "thing", a shere, an orb, a concept, all to him/her/their self.
  when you become "the one", you have both and all. you can be anything externally (that the outer/reflective universe *allows*) and be anything also internally as well (your rules, your image). if I look internally, then I'm no longer "the one", so I don't look inwardly.
you know, the thing is, and not really having a "gender" is part of it, but the more I like my own form of perception, the more distance I feel from others.
  I don't really get as lonely as you'd imagine, because if I can feel the way I want to feel, then I don't want to feel any different.
    I imagine that's a lot of the part of the insect program, because I restrict myself from feeling too much like how I'd want to feel, cause I'd probably turn into a star or something.
      hey, I think that may be one of those unexplainable desires that I have to turn into a species, is because then an entire species would run on this star. that'd be cool, right?
        a whole species of "the one" insects operating their vehicles, not impeded by an animal body, but more like a conceptual spacecraft. (sounds very spore-like)

the sunshine experience
