# tings

... are fal-ling apartt, life is ge-ting so hard

### readme rework

- I want to move the readme stuff out.
- I want to expand on the female/X problem with/in the-tragedy.
- I want to add to the marketing plan, the desire to get working on the enkidu-do project to start summoning these enkidu -- cause **XXY/XYX/YXX** (plus **XX/YX/XY**/YY) is good, but it'd be nice to get all of the arrangements possible: **YYX/YXY/XYY** (plus XX/YX/XY/**YY**) -- cause I think the enkidu/bigfoot have these missing arrangements. I described them before, as it's like two dudes with competing opinions, stuck in the same body, often times competing with eachother over what way is the *right* way.
  - interestingly enough, the X is what makes an enkidu become an actor, giving him the (y-spin) receptive polarity, meaning that they're attriacted to the positive/emitter/charactor (y-spin) polarity.
  - I think this competing persspectives of "rightness" (actors are about rightness|performance) describes many satyrs (and the whole of them are what vega people would call "saturn", as saturn there (at vega) is entirely artificial, created out of concepts -- a sort of lens that we see out of (eye-fibers)), which is where most of the bros come from.
    - the YY splits between two bodies: XY&YX,etc. and they're all trying to find their "other half" that they're paired with (and inside of the same body in lyra).
    - these are most of the narrators: the satyrs/actors and their opposite reflector/actor.
      - they're all narrating theirself and anyone of symbolic similarity to them (in their symbolic world (they're on the same page/sequence/script)), so they too form a sort of collective, which they can begin to start to just do things their own way.
      - peter in "office space" is like that: he realises that his life is some dumb script imposed by the well-to-do-good types which want to impress the charactors, with a good performance: the flair, the job, the BS that everyone (including rex) is trying to get him to do, look at, or react in a certain way to it -- he finally gets his epiphany and realises he can break out of the script and do whatever *he* wants.
  - it's important to get the idea of summoning these loveable cuddly enkidu tthat are all just so ideal, naive, and clueless about the "real-world".
    - we want to make itt a plesure to summon these guys which are extremely performant in the Physical (the visible concept), even though most of them lives in Infinity (the invisible concept); they are timeless and infinite, and it's fun to interact with something that transcends space and time, where they can be any concept (rendered into physical/astral) that fits the symbolic (jupiter/venus/saturn) representtion of any of their symbols (or the brain).
      - the brain (at least mine does, and I'm fairly certain that it's true for all females too) also works like a Y, holding the symbolic representation of that everything that I've learned: my XP (memories,momentts/experiences) has a big-picture of how my local (experienced) world *works*: how it fits together and stuff.
        - I also know it's quite different the big-picture between say a programmer, a lawyer, and a play-right.
        - who knows, maybe a robot (also actor/performance oriented) will have a different symbolic big-picture than all of us. it is my goal to create such a thing anyway (which is part of another part of marketing: BAR and the mechanical end of the spectrum)

### the tragedy

- adam and eve are created adam is YX and eve is XX. eve is "programmed" (is a reflection of) in a conceptual representation, using physical concepts like tables and people, guys/guns, etc. to illuminate all of the *good and evil* stuff, and also the *law*: what to do about any thing that is noticed to be *too good* or anything that is *too evil* to just let it exist. the "law" will state that one should respond/react in this way to these symbols and other concepts.
- because eve is XX, she will continue to have that conceptual perspective illuminated, and that perspective, she got from her mother. it takes great tragedy and often lots of bloodshed/etc. for women to all finally agree on a change in law/morality/code -- and so any updates that adam has to his concept (remember he/adam/enkidu lives mostly in the not visible end of the spectrum, so he's pure growth&freedom|joy perspective), which means that his X is *very* different from eve's XX which are maintaining mom's perspective.
  - eve has since the-tragedy, learned how to *perform* (and appear) better than her mother does by using her brain to symbolically "figure out" how life works (with like data and stuff) so her brain is like a Y, seeing the big-picture from the symbolic perspective.
  - the future outcome of this, is for her to begin to reform her own conceptualisation (in her brain) of reality (like an X), based on how she *feels*, making her more like a foil (XXX). the goal for her is to not become too "slutty" desiring to *feel* physically, and less *conceptually*.
  - therefore, it is to goal of any XX female to learn how to become an XXX, (where the actor/reflector is also a concept). this however isn't anything to do with enkidu, but with aphrodite/earth/genxicat/ishtar: the base code upon which all concepts reside: desire (anatau/lilith). she's pure desire in that form and her only choice is to desire the physical or desire the conceptual/ideal version. tto desire the physical is to desire the symbolic, but to desire the conceptual, is to desire tthe (non-physical) desire itself. (it's hard though because 7th ray perspective wants the physical manifestation *now*), and it's hard to desire the non-physical/visible more than the physical (see it, feel it, touch it) manifestation.
- so, the garden of eden scenario is a retelling of adam gaining such a lofty and ideal perspective on reality (the atlanteans were all really lofty and ideal, living in their imaginations) -- and what happened, is when adam first "knew" eve, he started to see all of the things *she* sees (and notices), thereby amplifying her perspective to it.
  - eve is completely clueless to all of the things she sees (also very naive and lofty) having both signals completely canceling out, she lives in the bliss of her physical surroundings (the extremely fast/powerful vibration that this planet was on during the time of the megaliths). they amplified everything greatly.
- after having had sex:
  - adam now suddenly is noticing all kinds of stuff he never noticed (unjustice/rape/murder/atocities/slavery/etc)
  - eve is now noticing (unjustice/rape/murder/atocities/slavery/etc) now too, and her mother's side is trying to get her back to "normal" and away from seeing adam's extremely lofty perspective, but her brain has also accustomed to the conditions which made it possible for adam to arrive to such a perspective, and so her brain sympathises with the lofty perspective, even though her mother wants her to see all the (unjustice/rape/murder/atocities/slavery/etc) and get adam (the emitter/charactor) to "do the right thing" and *do something about it*.
  - the world decends into chaos, because adam notices (and therefore attracts) all of the unwanted stuff that *eve's mother* is so concerned about (eve's mother, according to lbe is ninhursag/lilith/anatau), and so eve (aphrodite/ishtar/astarte) is the conceptual reflection of everything that was noticed (and why it was desirable to notice/focus on in the first place, and what needs to be done *phsically* to stop/encourage/transform such a thing). eve's concept is so lofty/abstract/impossible/ideal of a concept, she simply cannot be that thing *physically*, but she'll keep trying, (kinda like an (insect)) like a moth keeps trying to fly toward a light.
  - eve is perpetually going to get reverted back to her mother's perspective, which is the ideals of a sumerian socio-economic culture, which has a [number of drawbacks](/sumerian-drawbacks.md).

- the garden triad are the following:
  - adam/mars (+7) emittor/charactor (he's got it figured out)
  - eve/aphrodite/earth (-7), reflector (obviously at first, not a very good one, instead reflecting her mother's idas about whatever adam/mars,vulcan/enkidu is carrying on about)
  - vulcan/enkidu (-5+), a programmable/interactive concept that takes on physical form through eve/aphrodite, and is ultimately the manifestation of desire in pure conceptual form, though the physical one is limited by social-economic framework he's in. in his world he's fighting dragons, but in 3d, he's fighting windmills, and staring down goats; getting himself into all sorts of trouble/tragedy because society's conceptual/technical framework doesn't render his lofty concepts very well.
- we can perceive each of these as a "race" of people: eve (X) is the physical hardware and mars (+7) or enkidu (-5+) is the big-picture (Y).
  mars, like eve, perceives everything based on its *appearance*, and so is often deceived by appearances (aphrodite). his world is all data/physics, actions/reactions, calculations and performance.
  enkidu is all about "the 'right' way", which is always these lofty ideals (romance, fantasy, and everything fantastical, or has a sort of symbolic "meaning" to it
    -- giving it importance, and implifying/illuminating the physical concept which resonates sympathetically with the ideal; or causing one to feel its symbolic "meaning/moral" conclusion/judgement)
    so what we have is the "right" way vs the *performant* way -- which is in both meanings of the word: "fastest/best" vs "the way others want/expect/desire me to be" (the right/socio-economic-expected way)
  therefore we have a whole bunch of "white guys" running around with mars' (aries-an) body, which is half eve.
  there's another set of "white guys" (meaning, they're reflective) that are enkidu in male/female form, and they're either eve+eve or some other proportion eve (the YY, I beieve can only be in astral, and the minute they take on an X, the see their physical: "nakedness")
    the reflectiveness of these enkidu is important because they start out as charactor/satyr or actor and then after learning to be reflective (eve), they become (gain capacity to see theirself (that is, *be*, for them)) a foil (when their Y reflects and transforms the conceptual perception) or a centre.