# to-cataclysm-or-not

### 2023-06-25 20:09 - initial thoughts

sometimes it's nice to just start over, right? I have no idea what climate conditions are like on earth, but here, they're fine -- and I barely notice the sun (the atmosphere stings way more, but sometimes I still feel the glowing warmth).
  my thoughts on why the sun feels so little to me (cause my theory is that others feel the same sun light and its warmth very unpleasantly). if the sun feels unpleasant, then that's your concepts not being very compatible to the solar regime change. or, the lower resistance you are, the less you'll feel the sun and also other people.
    also, the way the sun feels to a person attracts other people that feel similarly under the same sun (which is wby spring is more attractive month than say december/june).
so let's say my theory is right: that sol's heat is rising a lot more, and it's hot because people feel bad about their situation (cause their situation is a reflection of them).
  well, here's the thing: sol is an even (2-4-6) system, so you're feeling the sun in astral only, which means the heat is *all in your imagination* (100%).
so let's say that the sun's output continues to rise and nobody changes how they feel (for whatever reason), dissatisfaction rises to such a point that the sun finally mininovas from all of the unreceived solutions to everything asked, but no ability to let it in -- so finally our resistance to them isn't enough to hold back the sun anymore and she (isis) finally explodes
  this was how sex with raquel went for me anyway; like we battled conceptually over who was "right" and whos concepts could better make sense of reality. I had superior concepts almost all the time, and the concepts of hers that I liked, I just copied hers and improved further (like-a-borg).
and so we'll see you guys off in the distance as a very bright light and a lot of enlightenment for us as, that explosion is a huge blast of the implemention of so many (unallowed) desires all at once, we'll go through a mini golden age here and export all sorts of sciences, technologies, and implement all of the power structures for the next era in human development. think of the sun's explosion like a massive drug trip (the most heroic of dosage), so only the astrally strong (meaning the ones that can feel good no mater the conditions) will survive.
  others will realise it's all in their mind, and design their own reality (the living-blackness is only black, until you put something there; you can feel it's tangibleness and enumerate its symbolic aspects), building their own trans-temporql symbolic/conceptual (mental) space that has all the things and formulas, interactions, etc. that can be enumerated/interpretted into symbolic traits (and can be an attribute of (an) action).

so really, how much does anyone *really* want to start over from the beginning, right? I think a lot of people do, actually (I'm not one of them), and I think it's because it's easier to accept new ideas when starting over, than to reprogram and reconfigure all aspects of (symbolic) reality (or, just feel/experience reality conceptually; easier).
  for me it's just way easier right now to feel good about *what is*, than to start over from step one; but that's me though, and I'm probably the exception to the rule, which is why rules don't apply to me.
feel good about what is, and no more rules.
  like, why not just make whatt we (I) want to make? I don't require anything tto change so therefore I'm not growing in dissatisfaction, either, and neither do I have the problem that sol has. I'm completely fine and comfortable where I am, as for me and the archons over here, your sun's explosion is a pretty awesome experience (for us). I'm in fairy land, not because of earth's astral conditions, but because I'm low resistance, so literally there's no problem for a cataclysm here.
    every month or so, I notice that the sun feels especially better to me, and so I imagine that continually increasing sunlight, is actually going to be an awesome thing, and I think the carbon in my body will respond differently to the sun's rays, as well. I feel like one day, I'll arrive to the place where the sun's rays only feel good enough to me, that my body has to reflect that good feeling (not completely sure about astral/physical implementation). I'm really not worried about global-warming or anything like that because here, it's all about how I *feel* (5) and about how I translate my concept of the interactions (2) in my reality, into the body or brain (-2 perception).
  so this got me thinking -- because I look outside and I see very robotic humans out there performing symbolic operations unaware that it's all narrated to them in their sleep. they're essentially asleep, and their body/brain follows a symbolic route to operate and perform all of the symbolically equivalent things here.
    like, what I mean is, I know they're not seeing what I see; they all see whatever their imagination is translating the concepts I emit into whatever audio/visual/tactile experience. like I can (and have accidentally) performed magic, because I can emit concepts which are invisible to me, but they can see/hear/interact with them. it's like chi or the stuff that martial artists use to move their opponent (and them) around in their astral perception, to perform the psychic (though perceived as physical) engagement.
      I have no idea what anyone else sees, as I cannot see it myself, so I only have to imagine that many people translate my concepts into very strange images and sounds. I know I can do that, and have never
        well, occasionally when really angry or in danger situation, I could (before my brain thing) use the super powers, and I think it's *partially* those psychic discharges that caused the brain injury, too. since then I've not really used any of it, nor do I care to do it either. oh, and maybe a few times in spain as well. can't really remember ,but I do say that I don't use any super powers in daily life, as I don't think it's necessary. like, imagine if I started doing magic, signs and wonders, and made a big spectacle and stuff, nobody would take me seriously (thanks gob).
          I don't think conceptually emissive is helpful (for me) to understand and interact with the conceptual realm in a *receptive* sense (like MRI), which is that ideas just come to me, and I can understand/grasp the concept and translate it into something physical pretty good. I "get" life.

### 2023-06-26 09:27 - I'll just wait for it to happen

I described a lot of what I figured out in [my-world](/my-world.md) and I'm using that as a reference. considering most of those ideas as true, then the coming earth cataclysm is actually a thing. I propose that eventually sol/isis will explode and there will be an enormous cataclysm that'll happen (basically astral life on earth will be very difficult because it'll be too high frequency (something like if I were to suddenly get my pinecone back: information overload)), and so I think a lot of people's astral bodies (on earth) will no longer be able to make sense of the sun's new solar regime, so that part of them will die, *and then they'll find theirselves here* in my world with me, the archons, and the robotic society that we live in (yay). so, I'll just wait for everyone to show up here cause there's no sense trying to get anything across to anyone right now (they're all blowing their minds with all my conepts becoming manifest into their experience).
  what I'm kindof implying here is that though there are archons, those archons only are able to affect the people that are attracted to that kind of control, and so those archons will fade away as people no longer find their "control" bothersome (they're salt mining conceptual programs, feeding off of (empowered by) negative emotion)
    the other thing that I'm implying here is that because this system is 1-3-5-7, I've essentially dethroned, or became equal with zeus. I don't know how it all works out, but I share symbolic sway now with the archons, and I guess I have a lot of influence over you guys. many of the archons don't want to give up that influence that they have, so they're fighting me for it -- which is really weird, because I *don't* want symbolic control over others and let them have all the control (I just have good ideas, being mostly 1st ray emitter, not 3rd, like jupiter).

it also looks to me like sol and lyra switch off exploding: the astral/spectral experience starts to get too highened and produce so much dissatisfaction that eventually sol explodes and everyone loses the astral form of perception and finds theirselves here *fallen* into physical/conceptual. nobody really likes to feel the way that others feel and be restricted to the symbolic ceiling imposed by a 3rd ray symbolic system. it's very oppressive because all desire is calculated and part of the narrative that the archons (zeus) is presenting symbolically, again causing enough dissatisfaction, that lyra now explodes and we find ourselves back into sol's system (which again is an astral system), so magic and crazy stuff happens for a while -- and back and fourth endlessly it goes until people finally figure out how to feel the way they want about their reality -- because emotion (5th ray) controls/rules both 2nd and 5th ray, which if you'll notice that 2-4-6 are all connected to *emotion*. sure symbol and visualisation can be used to produce emotion as a biproduct, but the emotion itself is a reflection of our concepts which are all *founded on desire*.
  what that means, is once sol explodes, it looks to me like everyone is going to be stuck here in lyra with me and the archons for a time. it's already pretty robotic, and I want to make it even moreso... so now while you guys prepare for your cataclysm, just realise you'll all end up here with me (maybe).
    I realise the thought of permanenently being stuck with me in your reality could seem kind of hellish to some people (notably the archons), so I'm thinking maybe what we could do is to prepare for the event and use the high energy of the cataclysm to turn myself and many of the girls into stars, and then groups of like-minded outised-in individuals into planets. haven't worked out the details, but why not leverage the energy into becoming a galaxy???

### 2023-06-26 12:46 - I'll be your new robotic overlord

this is the final day that I'm going to be vision questing, but following the revelations from yesterday and also today, I've realised that I'm basically anu, and we're going to build a society that comes with all the stuff preloaded (think sumerians), and then after the astral cataclysm happens on earth, a very good many people will "reincarnate" into bodies that have been prepared for them in this society.
  it's quite possible that those that go through their cataclysm (because it's just a cataclysm of thought -- like happens at the end of one's life) where the world that emerges out of the cataclysm (still being spectral/astral) will resonate with isis' new (2nd ray) solar regime, and they'll each be earth-like planets in the galaxy forming around isis (more on that later).
the society that I want to build will be very insect-like in how I perceive them (5th ray: attracted toward what feels good, where what feels good is built on a symbolic system that will be determined by the *culture*) other societies will exist here, of course, as I doubt the archons will want me to modify their system.
  imagine a whole bunch of prebuilt cultures with a bunch of robotic people all performing daily life (what I see when I look outside), and they're simply maintained by the archons' narrative for that society -- and mine will be no different than theirs in that aspect -- and as different souls arrive into the bodies, they'll bring with them all of their concepts that they built up in their time in astral/spectral, attracting the things that they were battling back then.
  imagine now that you have all these different cultures and all this different attraction from the incarnating people (not the robots), so given some amount of time, one could imagine that warfare will break out, and each patron of the culture will want their culture to be the dominant one. my culture will be a lot different: we'll be like YHVH (m/ version of it), where we'll all be reflective entities that transform to accomodate to the energy of the environment -- so something more like the borg than actually a culture. we'll have technology and stuff like that, but we *are* the technology, and we're also going to be building a lot more YHWH-like entites as well (it's going to be nuts), so basically the insect/robotic bad-guys of the new earth.
    one thing that I've noticed with ancient history is that their mythologies and their technology reflect the way that they conceptualise their reality; and because we're using different concepts and technologies than they are, their mythologies don't make any sense at all. my "mythology" is going to be nothing more than a hand-wavy explanation as to how we got here (think genesis 1-4), and then a basic code of interactions which is all based on how things *feel* -- which are the physical sensors that we all have, but also on how things emote (feeling without sensation/sensors -- gleaned from the big-picture) to the person. I'd like to encode the "5-fold-path", which is just a narrative simplification of how light, gravity, and frequency works.
I don't really want to be involved with too much of this narrative stuff, cause for me narrative is perceived in retrospect (epimetheus) easier than it is for my in foresight. in addition, I'm not interested in determining *which way* (out of the infinite possibilites) is the *right* way. I really like 2nd ray perspective from an attraction standpoint, and just focus on implementation, making me more of a reality-guy than a narrator; so in that sense I'm more like enki (but from the conceptual perspective), the guys that will do a lot of the narrative encoding and stuff are enlil as they'll know how to go fight and what punishments to exact. though I contribute to the narrative system symbolically, my passion is the physical/technological implementation more than anything, so I'm more like ninurta or ningishzida combined with anu so I will want to think about technology and genetics which are both a reflection of the culture's mythology and concept of the way reality "really works".

so, for the rest of the day, I'd like to start thinking about how I want to structure my neo-sumerian prefab society. since people will be born into a fully working society, I can design everything from arts and architecture to the language and science of the society. I can tell you one thing: it's going to be mechanical/robotic and *very* conceptual. prolly gonna want to bring back the shaman as well, not as an authority figure, but as a novelty-seeker and discovery mechanism. how much of an "archaic revival" do I really want to make...
  I'm completely out of touch from the rest of the world's reality, so I hope I won't be too insensitive or too woke in my design process...

you know, it really is weird thinking that I'm going to essentially *design* the next society that people will be born into. the first conclusion that I came to is, I don't want to disable or try to fight the archons at all, and in fact they're going to be 100% involved (directly or indirectly) in the process, and actually, just like the chaotic world of insects, we're going to have even more crazy stuff. birds eat insects too.
  I don't fully know what I want. since I'm going to be one of the people in it (just like everyone else), it's going to be a society where it's easy to do whatever you want to do -- and power is only an illusion (cause it's all attraction), and conditions will be even less effective at attracting what's wanted than before (cause we'll all be so attractive (and also beautiful))

#### 2023-06-26 14:44 - actually I probably won't be you your robotic overlord

I thought about this a little bit, and since my desire is to actually live and enjoy the society that I created, I'll be one of the other worker bees, just like everyone else (I put it in such a condescending tone on purpose), and I'm pretty certain that I'll be passing off the robotic overlord title around the same time as the cataclysm. here's the script:
  over the next few decades/years (talk more about that timespan in a second), I'll create tthe different aspects of the society that I want to build -- I say "I" but, it's more like the archons/narrators that will build it as a reflection (their interpretation) of my desire. during this entire time, I'll remain 1st ray (anu) getting all setup at the end of this time (or whenever I/we feel ready), then I'll finally give up my perception and have sex with a 2nd ray female (not sure the specifics). similar to my interactions with raquel, this will likely set the sun into a flurry, as I get the sense that sol is reflective of 2nd rays, and that that constant "battle" that I felt between me and raquel over what 2nd ray perspective (how reality works) is the right one, seemed to be manifested in the sun.
    I think this is a general case thing where women (ie, the sun's 2nd ray perception rendered into astral/spectral) and the sun are reflective of one another: meaning that if girls were to simply stop having sex, the sun would quiet down, because the sun's *conceptual* 2nd ray perspective (implemented in XX females) is no longer contested by symbolic 2nd ray perspective (implemented in Y) anymore, and so it's a straight line toward what's wanted. (ie, it's enkidu's circuitus Y-narrative that conflicts with isis' straight line, most efficient path toward the implementation/realisation/manifestation of that desire)
  somehow, we'll figure out how to prevent my Y-perspective from getting out (I'll probably have a lot of body doubles doing a lot of sex for me with their Y-perspective, and a whole charade of disinformation/nonsense generated by the narrators/archons), and the system will get built. finally, once we're ready, I'll have sex with a 2nd ray losing my 1st ray perspective, strongly influencingc the sun to have something similar to my Y-perspective, changing the solar regime to be my attraction-only reality. when that happens, assuredly everything will collapse, because now everything is *only attraction*, and the narratives up to that point (put out by the narrators) will -- not be very realistic, so many actions will produce the exact opposite of what was desired, because they're following the sequence/narrative to get the thing, and (for example) their feeling was "I'm not good enough for the thing", so they do the sequence perfectly and find out they're not good enough -- when tthey were probably doing the sequence *to feel good enough* (total dissatisfaction collapse/catastrophe: "end of the world", "this *isn't* what I wanted", moment)
    actually, when looking at it this way, there were many imposters/actors before me, but they weren't me, so whoever this woman turns out to be, will actually become the *only* girl that I had sex with before the cataclysm (notice the-tragedy there; interesting..)

the timespan that seems to have been alloted to me is one of three 7-year periods: 2017-2024,2024-2031,2031-2038 -- which is all fine and good (the first one would have been marcos, and also notice the similarity to jacob/isreal (isis-ra-el)), cause I'm basically YHWH-2.0 (more on that soon), and I do love 7's, but I also like 11's more, so my idea is to actually extend out the timeframe to three series of 11 years (33 in total). I have a lot of reasons why I want to do it that way, and since I can delay the cataclysm for as long as I want to, there's no problem. here, there isn't any 2nd ray aspect, so the 2nd ray aspect is my own and girls that are pretty high frequency (so basically just me).
  the other thing is that, I believe the triad will also change up a bit as well, as I'm fairly certain that (saturn/jupiter's) 3rd ray perspective will get swapped for a 5 or 2 forcing saturn to perceive from the inside-out/bottom-up, and jupiter to also swap as well, looking at concept over symbol.
  the genetic pentad that I want to make is 2-1-2-5-7 and that's because 5 matches desire in the same way that the two opposing 2's match each other, leaving essentially *just* physical 7th ray perception (5th will be coneceptual sensors/memory, which are opposite of desire: bad bugs!) so, because two of the elements are opposite and out of phase from each other, it functions as a triad: (-1,-5+), (-2/+2-), 7 -- so something like 7-2-7 (from a physical perspective, where the 2nd 2 is strongly affected by astral (5-7))

so, whoever is the 2nd ray female is, will be *our* overlord (not sure how robotic she'll be though), as I really have no intention of overlording anything; I'm creativity/desire for *myself*.
  the interesting thing about a 2nd ray implemented in a person, is that they simply *cannot* (no matter how hard they try) find a way to manifest/implement (find a path for someone else to) someone else's desire -- and so they inevitably/*always* fail; their job is a failure from the start, because they they have to be the provider or the middle-man between the symbolic/reality implementation and the (unseen) desire itself. we can only attractt for ourselves, so really a 2nd ray is better as a teacher/example/medium, than as the physical implementer for someone else.
    I function as a 2nd ray for a lot of people because I can perceive desire conceptually (-1,-5+), and so I can immediately feel the implementation and know exactly what to *do* (7); however, you may have noticed that my implementation, though it may work, is *my perception* of that desire, and so it gets implemented in a way which matches *my conceptualisation* of reality, and *not* the implementation of the original desirer. for most other people, 2nd ray perception looks like "butting in" "busybody", "always in the way" or "always doing it for me" types of people: cause they can see how it all fits together, and they know their way will work, and so therefore it's "right".

YHWH and jove
