# trialogue

### 2023-06-09 17:55 - vulcan and saturn

today I was cleaning remi's yard and thinking a lot about a lot of things. I don't really know where to begin, so I'll start with saturn. first of all, I think for me, the greatest "tragedy" (I put quotes because it's a choice, not a destiny) for me is not being put into the mars position; I'm already all three of the 7th ray triad in one body, so the natural thing to do will be to take the role of mars (the emitter).
  I already play the role of mars (and I intend to keep it that way), because nosebook has me in a very limited physical experience, meaning that I don't directly experience the evens (2,4,6), cause they *definitely* don't want me in astral. it's possible that I could see even perception some time in the future, but it'll probably be 2nd ray, cause I've already got 1st ray perception, and that needs to combine with something, so the options are: 2nd, 6th (1st backwards), 5th and 7th (where I am now).
    I often see things conceptually from vulcan's standpoint, so for me it's a no-brainer to get "stuck" in a relationship where I'm vulcan. for the 7th ray perspective, I'm pretty reflective (aphrodite) already, so mars is better fit for me in general, because mars is all about reaction/flowing in the situation (red); thoth however, is more about visualising the process (blue) -- which I'm not really good at -- and perceiving the symbolic/sytactic relationships -- which I am good at. so, in a lot of ways, I (kenny) appear very thoth-like to everyone, even though by nature I (kennth) am more about reactions and emotions now. as such, I do not really think of myself as playing the thoth role much, or even at all. however, writing about these triads, I'm playing thoth as an emitter (saying how narrative works perceiving all character interactions to have the same qualities as light/electricity/sound)
  there are specific advantages and disadvantages to me playing vulcan, and me playing mars, because in the mars role, I'm the emitter, so I decide where we're going and what we're doing, etc. not everyone wants to go the way I want to go (which causes a split, which is prolly why they're trying to keep me away from being the emitter)
    if I'm an actor, I find that people don't like me emulating them, and so (like two emitter dudes in a pissing match), I've got to be the one that's got "the right way", and to promote my way and get everyone to go that way (forcing me into the role emitter)
    if I'm a reflector, then I can either be a pure reflector, a foil or a centre. I do fine as a foil, so I'm totally good at that, but as a centre,-- again I notice some problems, because a lot of people don't like me seeing them as capable and able as me (a reflection/similar to me)
    therefore, if I'm going to play vulcan, I've got to be the foil, which means that I'm not the one that's getting "worked on" (the actor is dynamic and always improving) anymore, which is kinda hard because I'm a person of incredible amount of change happening per moment, so if I'm a foil, then I have to be reacting to a lot of people (which is totally fine).
      like earth (-7) is good being a reflector of inner anatau (-1), so too am I (-1), great to work with a 7th ray reflector (like mars/thoth/earth), and me playing a reflective role as a foiled/black/carbon-like vulcan (-5+).
  if I'm in a relationship with a vulcan (in some way), I'm going to be either the (pure) reflector, or going toward centre (cause centre's are reflective and charactors are not). however, if I'm in a relationship with saturn, I get forced into the venus (emitting and receiving symbol/action) or thoth (physical implementation/syntax of that symbol).

so in the instance of today, I was thinking about what would happen if we reinvented the saturnian triad. just as a for example, it's pretty clear to me that remi played the role of venus, paul saturn, and luke as thoth (he's very process oriented and to say/do the proper/expected thing).
  there's one thing that remi told me though which made me think about things a lot. she said that she's become a lot more a-d-d and she's having trouble to focus on something getting distracted easily. I noticed that I was just the opposite: I used to have a-d-d really badly, but over time I settled down into a more calmer (5th/3rd) perspective; don't get me wrong: I'm still quite capable of being the extremes (1/7), but I'm generally a lot more calmer now. additionally, earlier, I mistook eva for remi (which was notable to me).
what I think is happening here is that (cause eva is mostly 7th ray reflector), is that remi has become more 7th ray *now* (she's probably given up arguing about the "right" way to do things) and venus has yielded a lot of her symbolic logic to saturn.
anyway, the -3 -> -7 switchup gave me a lot of thoughts:
  - thoth combines with saturn in the 3rd, encoding his symbols into physical/narrative/sequential form (alchemy), which (brb)