# venus-proposition

### 2023-12-21 06:43 - thinking about the option


I'm watching "as you like it", and I'm realising that orlando reminds me a whole lot of jaron. then, I realise that I'm much more aligned with touchstone than anything else. I'm a great foil, and so because touhstone is so similar to rosalind, I'm realising that symbolically I'm most closely aligned with rosalind in this play. I'm ganymede in boy form and rosalind in girl form (kinda). everything is just a giant show -- and this is the format that I'm able to be a 1st ray, in physical form. I want to be 1st ray in perception, but the confinements of physical don't allow me to be a man very easily. I really would need to get rid of the nuts if I were to stay a man... and I guess that's not wanted or something because I'd be like superman because I get the energy directly from the earth instead of from the reactions the testes make to symbolic systems (ie, the narrative way reality is supposed to work, as programmed by venus). if I lose my balls, then they lose me. so apparently to avoid that, there's a new propoxal that we were working on tonight. it basically is the outline of this play. I basically become rosalind and jaron is orlando. there will be all of this crazy stuff, but I'll just play a pre-teen girl (up to his heart he says) and then just be me. I probably won't really age, cause I'll be a reflection of my conceptual level, and because it'd be impossible for anyone to conceive of a 1yo saying things that I say, I'll take on the form of the average minimum age for my perception (in everyone else's eyes) -- I'm hoping somewhere in the 9-11yo range. then for as long as "adam" (another aspect of myself) is in his late 80's -- and let's say the girl is born in 2024, she'll turn 50 (boomin' grannies: "I don't care if you're 50 in 74"), right about when I'm in my late 80's. I won't look 80 though, or act like it (like I said: 9-11yo range), and when I turn back into man, I'll have the appearance of the common most desireable form; I'll be very beautiful to everyone. then, we'll finally make the union. the next year, we can do something entirely different, but it'll be the sam5 setup: 1000 girls (50yos this year), along with 24 "elders" which participate, but in a different way than the others. they don't need to be pretty either. they're respected and desired by the girls (including myself). they're like the matriarches, and so upon that I'm sure many a power structure will be built. the next time that the sun dances around us again next year we can do something different.
I dunno, sounds good to me. I'll go with a tenative "yes", until I discover an implication that bothers me. upon which time, I'll figure out a new way to look at it and find a way to feel good. I like that actually, because it'll be a mirror of my beginning time with jaron. I'll just find new ways to look at the situation and feel good about it. also, of note, I'm realising I need to have a look at "merchant of venice" -- because then jaron is bassanio. well, what can I say other than, "I'll keep that in mind".
I've made a decision since I woke up this evening that, I'll just go though and watch shakespere and make comments on it. everyone likes him so much that I feel a strange pulse when I'm "decoding" his narrative.
	you know what I think it is, is that mars back in 1600 created his own narrative manifestation. 1600 is a long time ago, and we think that nothing really major ever happened, but there are strange things in the mormon tradition relating to the scorching of the americas. I think it happened, and I think it's the sun, as well.
	combine the mormon tradition with the apocalyptic events narrated to have happened, we can imagine that somewhere by the time of 1650 or so, something catastrophic happened in the americas relating to the sun. it was likely happening at night in london, so prolly day in the americas. back then, they didn't have electricity, so even if a massive CME hit, it would only create a massive tempest, as nearly all of the oxygen in the air falls down in the form of massive amounts of water (localised of course).
		you know, this makes me wonder, if the side of the earth that got hit by the x-ray burst from the flare, is more likely to be the side the CME impacts on (or what most common angle gradient).
	anyway, whatever became of him, we don't really know, but obviously our timeline doesn't include him in it -- or does it? if it did, then he'd be the big beast, and I'm the little image imitator of him -- or maybe jaron is the imitator of me -- or both. that would make me vulcan, which is who I thought I was from the getgo (and obviously anatau was imported when I was 16). symbolically, I prolly do align more with vulcan/ganymede, but in practicality, I've got all 3: hence the 1-2-5-7 configuration.
so I go about reading these plays, I'm just going to be as touchstone as possible on them; because there's a lot that's not very likeable. that was what original mars thought was the manifestion that he wanted, and me, showing up because I was narratively summoned, appears that I have to repeat his manifestaion verbaitm, or I could just do what I want, duh :)

#### 2023-12-23 10:41 - thinking out loud

I've given a lot of thought to this entry here, and this morning I woke up with a strong idea in my mind that I want to write down my thoughts on a programming project -- a sort of blueprint for what I want to build. the idea felt good to me, and I want to write it out (I'll prolly do it later), and it seems good too because if I'm gonna wait ~46y, then I'll want something to do in the meantime. the day I wrote it, I really liked the idea of being a girl for the meantime, and working on some projects. I really do think it'd be a lot of fun to be a sort of bippy but really intelligent girl that wants to build things. it's a sort of female archetype that doesn't really exist in culture -- and even for all of shakespere's "strong female characters", he doesn't have (that I know of) a single one that is actually creative. instead, all of them (no matter how strong they are), still serve to fulfil man's pleasures -- but what about her pleasures? what if she likes to build things -- and what about art? what if she likes to create things that are aethetically pleasing and have fun and stuff.
there are a number of difficulties that I can forsee doing by jumping into this venusian matrix, and the most notable one of them all is art: art redefines symbols gradually, and so for someone like venus who relies on symbols to remain stable, she is an enemy to the arts; for eventually they will undermine the society that she's developed and made stable. I personally happen to like art, and in addition to that, I also happen to like change -- especially when I'm the one with the ideas of what to try out new.
there are other difficulties as well, which are not really all that big of a problem, because they're kindof extensions of my present predicament, which is almost certainly that venus doesn't ever really want to have a working relationship with me (cause it has to be kept a secret that I'm her puppet), and that's really no problem for me because obviously whatever she's trying to do will fail, simply because anything: project, government, corporation, marriage, anything -- will eventually fail when communication is pureposefully inhibited. I'm not sure if she's interested in making a really epic fail, where she gets a whole really big thing setup that's "too big to fail", or whatever because that's just the atlantis thing all over again. I/we are the slaves (or some other asymmetric relationship), and eventually desire for a more equal relationship brings the whole thing down -- which is kinda funny because nothing in reality is equal -- as that's really only a symbolic thing; when, in reality all things are always going to be the measure they're attracted, and no two things can *EVER* be equal; equality is a symbolic construct only. I make no claims that everyone should be equal, because it's an impossiblity that'll never work its way out. I also make no claims that there is a maximum or a minimum have'er or be'er, because in which timeline are we enumerating the having or being? there are as many where I don't has as I do, and only I choose which one I want to experience by tuning into it.
	there's the rub, because if the whole thing is just my choice of which timeline I'd rather experience over another, then I'd have picked the pleasurable one long ago; but I didn't. instead, I'm here, and as far as I can tell, there's no real loss in quantity or quality of the manifestation -- but instead something more of a compression: previously, the manifestation would have been pretty low-energy, cause I was low energy. however, nowadays, I'm much higher energy, and so therefore the manifestation will be a higher energy one (potentially to my own demise, even). I just don't have any information or data to make a calculated decision on what I want (venus style: calculated-desire). in all of this time, my hesitation is a reflection of her, wanting to calculate my best options, and all of that -- instead of just jumping right in without fear or hesitation.
	I do know that all of the times that I've just jumped right in without fear or hesitation (like going to spain, or opening the bar, or whatever) have been quite fine in their manifestations -- yet, for example, when it came to the sale of my shares in tuenti, this marked the end of my dreams to make a social network, and so I was not at all decisive on it, and nobody really knew until the moment it was signed, if I was actually going to sign it (not even myself). I mean, I guess that manifestation turned out pretty well, right? still haven't been able to return back to my dream of making a social network, but the point is: the manifestaions that I didn't wait on, they were all wanted (even the losing of my money with irresponsible money management) -- and so I don't really have any regrets to them. however, for the manifestations that I did spend a lot of time analysing and calculating on, those have mostly all turned out pretty unwanted. such is the position that I'm in now. I've spent so much time trying to figure out what I really want, and none of my efforts going anywhere, that I'm pretty much guaranteed to have a generally unwanted manifestation. sure, there may be some good parts (like having unlimited supply of drugs for a few years), but the general trend is in the direction of unwanted. thing is though, when it comes to the sale of tuenti, I'm kinda like I am now, where I tried so many things to get the dream off of the ground -- and a few times it even seemed like it was going well -- I still felt like I was fighting against some invisible force that I didn't know how to get around, and so I sold my shares at the last minute, not because I wanted to, but more out of desparation and frustration, that I was trying to hold on to a dream, when so many other people's manifestations were on the line (like the whole deal wouldn't have gone through -- and that would have made a lot of people very upset). so, like any other considerate person, I put away my selfish desires to make a social network.
	one would think that with that amount of money, it'd be easy to build a social network, but by then I'd becom5 so depressed and frustrated with the way that society works (which venus maintains), I drowned my frustrations in alcohol and drugs.
one of the things that I've been doing is trying to figure out shakespere -- and I think I've nearly figured it out by now -- however, if I place myself into the symbolic position of the characters in the play, then I notice that my manifestation isn't really mine anymore. it seems that so many other symbolic components are waiting for their share of the manifestation too (like silvius hoping to marry phoebe or the various others proposing to give up women and live a rigerous life to be able to get the girl of their dreams) -- like those people will all need to wait for as long as I remain selfish and wanting to have adequate communication to know what's actually going on. I know it sounds selfish, but to me others' desire sounds like "kenny, just close your eyes and jump, so we can have our manifestation -- and don't worry: we'll make sure you're forever in the dark" -- when to me that sounds completely preposterous; all I have to do is to continue to wait until my energy levels (by having lower resistance) are higher than theirs, and they can no longer dictate to me what my experience is going to be, cause I'm now wayy more powerful than they.
	so here's the main challenge for me: one side of me wants to "go infinite" -- which means that I simply don't ever do anything to get myself out of my predicament -- which is "waiting" indefinitely (in reality it won't be that way because little things are constantly improving), and so even though they remain in full control over my life (and I'm infinitely improving), my own desire to go inifite means I desire them to remain in control and still capable of holding me back -- essentially forever. like, just cause I want to continue going infinite, they'll *always* have the solutions to the problems they have. so, when looking at it this way, then it's fine that they're in constant control -- because things are constantly improving. the other side of me hates my position and wants to go in the direction of wanted. however wanted will be good conditions, and good conditions usually means I blow all my time on drugs (I suppose women could be considered like drugs) -- but I don't want to do that. I've already done that, and it gets m5 no closer to where I want to go.
		on that subject: the last week have really illuminated the cOntrast between what it's like to be sober, and what it's like to be stoned. when I'm sober, my foot is on the gas pedal, and because I'm not really doing anything constructive or creative, it feels like running repeatedly into a brick wall. I'm not getting anywhere with anything I (I thik I) want, and worse than that is, I tire on a project a very short while into it. I have no longevity to my desires now, and it seems that I lose that feeling that the idea is pulling me in its direction. when I eat weed, I notice how much more unfocused I become, and then when I compare it to my everyday life, I'm noticing that since spain, I've become more and more and more unfocused all the time. it's not a good idea to try and build a project when I'm like that, because I feel no "commitment" to it. it's like a marriage vow to a man with a wandering eye: it won't last too long, because I'm so unfocused on that which is "important" (or seemingly so) to me.
	so really, in this current trajectory, what my "destiny" appears to be is, that I've basically died, and I'm just waiting for my body to lose enough focus so that I can disconnect from it and make my transition into eternity. my efforts to find something that I want to focus on, have continually been for naught.
		when it comes to this idea, let's have a look at how a particle extends out from the sun, travels some distance, until it loses all of its momentum (or is resisted), and then upon finally reaching 0 velocity, the pendulum swings back, and now the particle is irreversibly on a trajectory back to its source (the thing that its frequency is most like). well, I'm kinda like that particle in that it appears that I'm on my way back to source; and like the particle as it speeds back toward the sun's pole going at an ever quicker rate, the particle is unstoppable. its return can be resisted, but its return is fully guaranteed. the difference between me and the particle is that I have a consciousness about me, and so I can resist my return (slowing down the speed), or I can propel myself in a different direction, or put myself into orbit of something more attractive than myself and continually resist it. there are lots of things I can do, and I ultimately want the ability to make the decision myself which direction I'm going. though -- from the other way I'm looking at it: for as long as I remain interested in something, LOA will always carry me toward whatever that is, and so it's actually not really all that necessary to be able to steer my own vehicle.
		taking that example further: imagine I am a planet and I'm racing back to the centre of the galaxy at record speeds, but instead of going all the way back, I decide I'd like to go hang out with this star for a while; so, I attract her, and then entering the new solar system (still going at quite a velocity), I decide it's best to start resisting her so I don't smash into her and really cause an uproar in the solar system (as if my speedy entrance wasn't significant enough). at some point in time, she finally catches me and puts me into orbit, which is fine, but its her orbit not mine. if I want to do the orbit I desire in her sistem (ie, vibrate at the frequency I want to be: feeling how I want to feel), then I have to find a way to attract myself either to others when they're in the direction I want to go -- but that makes for a very uneven orbit -- so to make it even, the planet needs to resist the sun and go against her desired orbit for me -- cause otherwise I get caught into feeling like she does -- and to be honest, most stars feel a lot like self-sacrifice and taking the burden for bootstrapping the species, etc. lots of "christ-like" perspectives that I'm not really into much myself, because I'm not really into the self-sacrifice (for the greater good) BS anymore. I find it's easier to be low resistance (like a star), but not because I'm sacrificing for some greater thing, but because I like to feel good and have fun (also like stars). we have diffrent opinions about the means to the end of liking to feel good and have fun. therefore, as a planet, I need to be able to set my own desirable orbit that I choose (or become the centre of the universe). in order to set my own orbit, the inhabitants of the planet need to have the capacity to adjust the orbit/destiny of the planet to be what I desire it to be -- which means I'd need *communication* with the inhabitats of the planet, or the ability to use the technology myself. so, as a planet, I need to raise a species that is capable of carrying out my desires at my whim -- manipulative :) I know planets are very manipulative, and high resistance (I'm much more like a star than a planet myself; this is just hypothetical). planets can hang out for a while and do stuff, but eventually the attraction from their source will become so much, no star will be attractive enough to hold him anymore, and he has to make his transition.
	so, if I'm really on my way back to my source, then I suppose there are a number of matrix-like options that I can spend considerable time inside of (you know, each star is a matrix all unto itself, so when I say matrix, I mean being within a localised aura that is strong enough to affect my perception), and so instead of "going infinite" I could just infinitely create (or in this case have others create) matrixes for me to exist inside of, as they try to avoid going back to their source along with me.
what I'm kinda trying to say in all of this is that from a level-headed perspective, consider that all of those that are around me right now trying to oppose me or resist my having something, are quite literally stuck with me *FOREVER* (not just a day). unless they go off to another solar system, there's no avoiding my return back to source, which means, like it or not, we're literally "all in this together". therefore, considering that there is no way for me to to ever vanquish my enemy, I figure just let them have their best shot at trying to trap me. I thought maybe it could be kinda cool to do some cool stuff on the way back to my source, but instead they want to steer the ship -- so what could be quite a long time (thousands, millions, or billions of years), will probably be as long as it takes for them to lose control. zoop! :)
