# micro-processor-reactor

I want to build a CPU that has all the basic RISC commands (and perhaps a few more), but also importantly at least these new commands:
- (conditional interrupt) and/or conditional resume (CICR/CI/CR), which conditionally interrupts the execution, where if no conditional resume, is a sort of return to kernel kind of thing -- as the code will never be resumed again. if there is a conditional, that goes into the reactor.
- ((n times?)passthrough/interrupt and immediate resume) and/or conditional run. when a conditional run is set, it means that every single time that the reactor conditions pass, the code will be run (and it's expected that there's the opposite "unconditional interrupt" at the end of the function). the passthrough n is called if the function wants to be called immediately (sorta like a do-while loop, where first loop is always run -- well same for this function/obv)

the reactor is a unit that stores conditionals and basic RISC commands for each conditional. automatically the static memory locations (accessed like "my_val > 10") and any time that memory location changes, it'll check the condition (async of course), and for more complicated things, there'll be functions for accessing arrays and other complex (and potentially gc'd memory locations). in fact, as conditionals are pulled out of the reactor, any memory allocated regions can be reclaimed (kinda like reference counting, I guess) -- cause all references in the reactor are known and well defined, makes memory management easy and possible to do things like `"lala" + my_num + "lala" === "lala11lala"` which is cool, because any time that variable changes, the string can be discarded, and only reallocated next time the conditional is run (etc. preaching to the choir, I guess -- and lol example, lol).
    yeah yeeh, whatever, probably since all memory locations are known, allong with the exits and entrances to the code, access can be limited with an (optional) memory access regulator.
