# underwood

a little pouch is worn under the wood. it looks a bit like a ballerina slipper, or a small baby bootie. the man who wants to be able to get a boner castrates himself and puts a new jiggly thing in the place the sack used to be. now, all he has to do to get a boner is to think similar or exactly opposite thoughts to the mentality of the one with the transmitting pouch. so for example, if the transmitter thinks that getting plowed by a cucumber (kinky role reversal), then, if anyone with another underwood tuned into his, also thinks about getting plowed by a cucumber, the synchronisation of thoughts will cause an plant fetish instaboner instantly to the one thinking the thought (just like in elementary school)

underwoods can be both a temporary attachment (different situations call for different underwoods), and also as permanent options (permaps with surgery or genetics adjustments). the permanent options also potentially implement factioning and marriage options for men which are quite -- permanent. market research will determine if there's a market for that.

### 2023-12-31 13:42 - implementation thoughts

the idea comes from the action of a tesla coil. the underwood bolsa is the receiver of the energy; it then trasmitters the symbolic vibration to the corresponding underwood boobs. the reason why that works is because the testes can emit a frequency that feels a lot like lust and desire (the symbol of it) -- so certain symbolic actions that he sees/hears/experiences, can turn him erect. what the underwood does is allow for the male in the underwood bolsa to provide the symbolic system which will generate a frequency in which the seconary coil (the shaft) electrify and want to make each shaft segment all point in a direction which aligns with the field emitting field (postate?). that means that with each underwood particpent, they contribute a tiny amount to the overall field, but also are all going to be using the same syntax to turn each other on (erect). therefore, naturally and perhaps as technology improves, the underwood syntax will be guided technologically by their desire to shape and alter the cultural, syntax, a certain syntax in which different feelings are felt in ways that feel not erect, or otherwise.
therefore, the bolsa should be something like a very deep black felt on the inside, designed to catch all frequencies well, made flexible, but also loose (one option is to be able to adjust the tightness mentally). this will be worn by the predominant male patriarch, and every one else will connect to his signal. then there will be a number of boobs (layers of fat around a vortex) that are similarly tuned, and this will probably be done genetically (though I'm not sure how at the moment), so that the women that are under the same patriarch are able to feel the erect feeling same as him for appropriate symbolic experience (again, this will likely be guided technologically at first by the gods (anyone around nowadays) and then later on, by the species as they gain the technological capacity and desire to alter it).
the boob, which is just a bunch of fatty/oil like layers that go around a pole, don't have to be all the same, and really any configuration can be done. the boob will take on the same shape as the bolsa its tuned into for maximum reception, but obviously some sacrifice of reception may be in order for the sake of appearance, so again, I think it'd be great if the shape of the boob were also able to be configured mentally. female breasts are obvious receivers, of which there will be many, but also the buttox is another set of boobs. certain improvements can easily be made there. the original idea that I had involved there being one bolsa (transmitter) and one boob (receiver), but obviously many configurations are possible, intluding of making boobs that float in some solution a ratio of its transmitter's size. another thing is testes, which I haven't figured out yet.
a further thing that's possible is to have no testes at all inside of the boob, and the way I think this one works is the the testes emit a magnetic field or something which serves as something that vibrates all of the hydrogen stored in the sac, which is the primary coil, to make the high frequencies necessary to align with the field: the one coming down from the pineal and bounces (cause of the tailbone?) and comes out the angle of the shaft. the advantage of no testes is that the hydrogen stored in the bolsa (in the layers of fat) will take on the frequency in reflection to one's thoughts and concepts. for little boys, this is pretty high still, so the testes haven't dropped. the farther they drop, the lower (more visceral) the frequency is. (prolly the reason why many boys were castrated early on: to retain the high frequency). the somehow also this is tied to the throat as well, which is why boys tend to take a bit for their voice to drop, and for women it drops much less immediately (prolly cause of testosterone). women don't normally have testes, so their voice drops prolly at a rate which is reflective of their mental/pineal frequency: young and non-resistant/receptive is high, but older is usually less receptive and more resistant.
